,feedback,rating
0,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
6,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
7,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
8,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
9,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
10,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
11,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
12,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
13,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
14,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
15,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
16,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
17,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
18,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
19,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
20,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
21,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
22,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
23,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
24,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
25,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
26,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
27,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
28,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
29,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
30,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
31,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
32,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
33,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
34,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
35,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
36,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
37,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
38,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
39,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
40,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
41,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
42,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
43,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
44,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
45,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
46,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
47,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
48,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
49,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
50,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
51,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
52,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
53,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
54,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
55,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
56,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
57,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
58,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
59,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
60,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
61,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
62,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
63,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
64,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
65,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
66,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
67,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
68,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
69,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
70,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
71,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
72,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
73,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
74,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
75,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
76,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
77,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
78,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
79,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
80,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
81,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
82,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
83,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
84,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
85,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
86,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
87,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
88,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
89,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
90,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
91,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
92,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
93,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
94,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
95,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
96,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
97,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
98,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
99,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
100,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
101,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
102,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
103,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
104,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
105,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
106,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
107,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
108,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
109,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
110,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
111,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
112,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
113,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
114,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
115,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
116,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
117,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
118,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
119,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
120,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
121,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
122,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
123,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
124,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
125,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
126,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
127,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
128,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
129,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
130,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
131,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
132,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
133,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
134,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
135,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
136,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
137,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
138,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
139,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
140,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
141,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
142,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
143,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
144,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
145,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
146,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
147,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
148,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
149,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
150,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
151,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
152,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
153,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
154,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
155,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
156,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
157,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
158,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
159,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
160,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
161,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
162,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
163,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
164,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
165,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
166,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
167,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
168,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
169,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
170,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
171,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
172,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
173,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
174,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
175,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
176,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
177,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
178,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
179,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
180,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
181,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
182,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
183,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
184,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
185,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
186,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
187,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
188,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
189,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
190,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
191,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
192,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
193,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
194,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
195,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
196,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
197,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
198,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
199,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
200,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
201,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
202,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
203,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
204,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
205,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
206,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
207,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
208,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
209,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
210,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
211,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
212,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
213,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
214,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
215,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
216,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
217,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
218,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
219,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
220,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
221,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
222,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
223,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
224,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
225,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
226,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
227,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
228,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
229,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
230,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
231,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
232,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
233,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
234,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
235,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
236,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
237,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
238,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
239,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
240,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
241,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
242,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
243,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
244,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
245,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
246,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
247,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
248,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
249,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
250,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
251,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
252,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
253,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
254,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
255,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
256,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
257,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
258,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
259,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
260,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
261,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
262,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
263,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
264,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
265,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
266,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
267,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
268,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
269,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
270,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
271,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
272,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
273,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
274,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
275,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
276,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
277,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
278,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
279,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
280,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
281,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
282,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
283,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
284,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
285,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
286,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
287,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
288,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
289,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
290,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
291,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
292,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
293,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
294,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
295,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
296,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
297,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
298,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
299,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
300,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
301,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
302,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
303,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
304,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
305,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
306,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
307,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
308,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
309,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
310,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
311,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
312,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
313,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
314,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
315,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
316,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
317,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
318,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
319,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
320,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
321,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
322,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
323,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
324,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
325,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
326,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
327,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
328,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
329,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
330,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
331,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
332,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
333,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
334,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
335,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
336,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
337,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
338,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
339,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
340,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
341,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
342,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
343,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
344,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
345,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
346,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
347,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
348,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
349,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
350,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
351,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
352,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
353,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
354,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
355,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
356,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
357,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
358,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
359,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
360,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
361,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
362,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
363,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
364,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
365,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
366,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
367,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
368,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
369,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
370,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
371,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
372,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
373,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
374,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
375,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
376,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
377,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
378,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
379,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
380,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
381,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
382,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
383,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
384,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
385,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
386,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
387,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
388,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
389,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
390,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
391,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
392,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
393,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
394,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
395,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
396,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
397,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
398,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
399,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
400,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
401,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
402,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
403,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
404,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
405,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
406,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
407,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
408,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
409,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
410,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
411,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
412,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
413,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
414,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
415,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
416,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
417,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
418,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
419,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
420,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
421,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
422,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
423,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
424,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
425,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
426,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
427,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
428,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
429,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
430,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
431,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
432,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
433,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
434,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
435,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
436,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
437,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
438,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
439,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
440,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
441,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
442,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
443,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
444,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
445,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
446,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
447,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
448,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
449,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
450,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
451,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
452,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
453,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
454,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
455,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
456,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
457,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
458,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
459,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
460,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
461,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
462,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
463,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
464,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
465,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
466,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
467,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
468,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
469,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
470,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
471,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
472,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
473,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
474,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
475,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
476,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
477,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
478,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
479,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
480,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
481,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
482,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
483,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
484,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
485,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
486,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
487,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
488,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
489,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
490,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
491,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
492,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
493,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
494,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
495,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
496,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
497,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
498,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
499,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
500,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
501,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
502,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
503,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
504,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
505,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
506,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
507,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
508,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
509,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
510,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
511,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
512,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
513,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
514,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
515,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
516,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
517,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
518,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
519,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
520,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
521,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
522,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
523,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
524,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
525,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
526,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
527,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
528,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
529,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
530,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
531,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
532,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
533,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
534,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
535,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
536,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
537,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
538,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
539,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
540,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
541,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
542,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
543,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
544,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
545,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
546,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
547,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
548,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
549,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
550,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
551,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
552,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
553,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
554,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
555,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
556,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
557,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
558,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
559,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
560,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
561,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
562,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
563,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
564,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
565,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
566,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
567,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
568,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
569,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
570,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
571,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
572,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
573,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
574,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
575,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
576,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
577,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
578,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
579,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
580,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
581,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
582,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
583,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
584,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
585,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
586,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
587,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
588,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
589,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
590,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
591,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
592,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
593,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
594,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
595,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
596,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
597,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
598,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
599,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
600,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
601,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
602,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
603,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
604,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
605,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
606,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
607,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
608,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
609,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
610,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
611,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
612,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
613,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
614,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
615,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
616,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
617,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
618,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
619,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
620,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
621,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
622,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
623,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
624,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
625,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
626,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
627,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
628,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
629,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
630,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
631,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
632,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
633,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
634,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
635,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
636,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
637,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
638,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
639,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
640,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
641,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
642,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
643,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
644,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
645,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
646,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
647,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
648,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
649,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
650,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
651,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
652,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
653,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
654,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
655,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
656,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
657,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
658,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
659,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
660,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
661,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
662,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
663,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
664,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
665,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
666,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
667,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
668,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
669,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
670,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
671,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
672,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
673,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
674,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
675,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
676,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
677,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
678,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
679,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
680,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
681,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
682,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
683,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
684,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
685,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
686,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
687,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
688,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
689,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
690,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
691,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
692,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
693,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
694,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
695,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
696,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
697,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
698,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
699,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
700,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
701,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
702,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
703,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
704,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
705,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
706,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
707,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
708,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
709,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
710,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
711,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
712,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
713,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
714,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
715,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
716,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
717,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
718,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
719,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
720,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
721,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
722,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
723,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
724,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
725,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
726,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
727,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
728,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
729,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
730,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
731,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
732,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
733,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
734,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
735,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
736,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
737,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
738,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
739,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
740,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
741,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
742,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
743,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
744,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
745,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
746,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
747,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
748,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
749,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
750,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
751,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
752,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
753,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
754,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
755,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
756,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
757,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
758,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
759,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
760,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
761,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
762,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
763,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
764,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
765,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
766,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
767,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
768,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
769,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
770,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
771,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
772,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
773,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
774,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
775,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
776,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
777,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
778,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
779,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
780,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
781,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
782,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
783,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
784,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
785,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
786,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
787,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
788,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
789,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
790,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
791,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
792,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
793,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
794,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
795,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
796,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
797,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
798,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
799,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
800,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
801,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
802,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
803,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
804,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
805,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
806,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
807,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
808,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
809,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
810,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
811,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
812,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
813,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
814,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
815,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
816,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
817,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
818,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
819,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
820,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
821,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
822,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
823,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
824,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
825,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
826,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
827,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
828,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
829,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
830,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
831,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
832,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
833,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
834,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
835,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
836,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
837,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
838,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
839,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
840,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
841,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
842,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
843,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
844,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
845,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
846,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
847,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
848,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
849,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
850,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
851,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
852,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
853,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
854,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
855,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
856,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
857,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
858,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
859,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
860,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
861,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
862,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
863,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
864,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
865,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
866,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
867,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
868,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
869,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
870,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
871,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
872,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
873,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
874,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
875,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
876,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
877,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
878,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
879,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
880,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
881,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
882,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
883,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
884,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
885,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
886,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
887,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
888,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
889,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
890,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
891,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
892,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
893,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
894,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
895,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
896,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
897,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
898,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
899,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
900,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
901,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
902,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
903,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
904,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
905,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
906,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
907,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
908,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
909,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
910,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
911,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
912,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
913,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
914,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
915,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
916,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
917,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
918,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
919,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
920,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
921,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
922,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
923,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
924,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
925,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
926,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
927,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
928,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
929,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
930,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
931,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
932,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
933,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
934,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
935,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
936,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
937,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
938,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
939,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
940,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
941,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
942,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
943,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
944,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
945,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
946,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
947,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
948,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
949,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
950,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
951,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
952,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
953,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
954,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
955,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
956,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
957,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
958,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
959,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
960,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
961,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
962,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
963,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
964,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
965,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
966,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
967,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
968,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
969,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
970,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
971,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
972,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
973,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
974,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
975,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
976,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
977,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
978,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
979,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
980,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
981,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
982,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
983,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
984,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
985,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
986,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
987,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
988,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
989,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
990,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
991,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
992,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
993,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
994,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
995,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
996,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
997,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
998,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
999,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1000,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1001,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1002,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1003,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1004,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1005,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1006,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1007,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1008,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1009,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1010,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1011,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1012,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1013,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1014,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1015,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1016,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1017,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1018,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1019,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1020,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1021,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1022,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1023,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1024,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1025,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1026,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1027,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1028,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1029,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1030,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1031,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1032,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1033,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1034,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1035,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1036,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1037,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1038,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1039,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1040,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1041,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1042,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1043,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1044,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1045,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1046,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1047,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1048,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1049,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1050,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1051,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1052,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1053,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1054,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1055,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1056,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1057,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1058,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1059,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1060,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1061,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1062,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1063,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1064,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1065,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1066,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1067,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1068,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1069,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1070,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1071,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1072,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1073,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1074,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1075,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1076,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1077,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1078,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1079,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1080,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1081,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1082,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1083,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1084,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1085,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1086,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1087,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1088,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1089,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1090,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1091,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1092,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1093,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1094,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1095,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1096,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1097,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1098,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1099,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1100,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1101,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1102,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1103,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1104,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1105,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1106,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1107,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1108,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1109,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1110,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1111,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1112,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1113,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1114,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1115,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1116,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1117,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1118,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1119,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1120,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1121,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1122,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1123,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1124,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1125,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1126,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1127,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1128,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1129,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1130,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1131,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1132,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1133,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1134,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1135,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1136,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1137,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1138,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1139,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1140,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1141,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1142,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1143,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1144,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1145,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1146,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1147,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1148,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1149,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1150,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1151,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1152,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1153,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1154,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1155,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1156,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1157,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1158,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1159,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1160,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1161,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1162,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1163,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1164,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1165,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1166,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1167,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1168,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1169,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1170,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1171,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1172,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1173,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1174,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1175,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1176,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1177,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1178,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1179,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1180,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1181,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1182,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1183,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1184,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1185,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1186,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1187,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1188,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1189,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1190,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1191,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1192,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1193,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1194,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1195,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1196,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1197,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1198,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1199,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1200,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1201,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1202,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1203,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1204,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1205,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1206,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1207,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1208,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1209,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1210,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1211,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1212,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1213,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1214,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1215,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1216,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1217,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1218,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1219,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1220,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1221,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1222,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1223,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1224,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1225,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1226,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1227,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1228,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1229,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1230,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1231,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1232,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1233,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1234,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1235,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1236,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1237,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1238,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1239,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1240,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1241,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1242,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1243,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1244,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1245,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1246,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1247,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1248,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1249,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1250,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1251,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1252,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1253,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1254,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1255,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1256,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1257,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1258,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1259,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1260,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1261,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1262,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1263,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1264,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1265,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1266,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1267,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1268,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1269,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1270,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1271,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1272,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1273,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1274,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1275,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1276,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1277,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1278,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1279,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1280,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1281,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1282,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1283,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1284,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1285,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1286,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1287,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1288,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1289,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1290,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1291,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1292,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1293,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1294,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1295,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1296,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1297,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1298,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1299,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1300,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1301,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1302,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1303,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1304,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1305,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1306,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1307,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1308,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1309,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1310,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1311,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1312,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1313,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1314,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1315,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1316,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1317,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1318,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1319,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1320,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1321,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1322,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1323,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1324,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1325,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1326,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1327,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1328,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1329,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1330,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1331,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1332,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1333,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1334,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1335,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1336,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1337,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1338,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1339,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1340,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1341,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1342,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1343,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1344,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1345,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1346,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1347,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1348,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1349,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1350,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1351,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1352,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1353,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1354,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1355,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1356,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1357,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1358,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1359,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1360,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1361,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1362,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1363,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1364,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1365,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1366,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1367,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1368,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1369,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1370,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1371,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1372,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1373,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1374,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1375,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1376,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1377,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1378,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1379,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1380,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1381,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1382,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1383,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1384,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1385,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1386,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1387,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1388,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1389,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1390,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1391,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1392,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1393,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1394,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1395,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1396,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1397,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1398,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1399,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1400,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1401,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1402,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1403,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1404,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1405,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1406,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1407,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1408,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1409,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1410,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1411,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1412,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1413,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1414,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1415,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1416,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1417,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1418,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1419,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1420,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1421,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1422,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1423,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1424,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1425,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1426,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1427,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1428,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1429,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1430,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1431,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1432,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1433,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1434,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1435,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1436,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1437,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1438,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1439,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1440,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1441,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1442,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1443,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1444,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1445,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1446,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1447,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1448,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1449,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1450,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1451,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1452,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1453,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1454,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1455,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1456,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1457,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1458,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1459,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1460,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1461,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1462,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1463,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1464,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1465,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1466,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1467,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1468,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1469,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1470,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1471,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1472,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1473,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1474,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1475,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1476,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1477,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1478,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1479,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1480,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1481,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1482,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1483,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1484,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1485,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1486,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1487,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1488,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1489,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1490,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1491,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1492,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1493,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1494,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1495,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1496,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1497,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1498,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1499,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1500,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1501,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1502,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1503,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1504,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1505,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1506,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1507,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1508,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1509,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1510,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1511,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1512,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1513,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1514,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1515,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1516,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1517,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1518,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1519,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1520,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1521,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1522,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1523,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1524,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1525,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1526,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1527,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1528,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1529,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1530,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1531,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1532,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1533,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1534,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1535,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1536,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1537,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1538,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1539,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1540,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1541,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1542,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1543,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1544,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1545,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1546,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1547,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1548,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1549,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1550,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1551,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1552,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1553,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1554,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1555,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1556,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1557,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1558,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1559,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1560,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1561,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1562,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1563,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1564,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1565,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1566,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1567,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1568,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1569,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1570,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1571,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1572,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1573,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1574,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1575,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1576,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1577,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1578,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1579,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1580,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1581,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1582,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1583,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1584,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1585,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1586,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1587,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1588,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1589,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1590,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1591,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1592,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1593,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1594,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1595,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1596,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1597,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1598,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1599,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1600,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1601,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1602,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1603,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1604,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1605,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1606,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1607,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1608,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1609,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1610,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1611,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1612,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1613,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1614,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1615,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1616,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1617,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1618,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1619,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1620,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1621,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1622,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1623,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1624,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1625,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1626,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1627,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1628,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1629,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1630,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1631,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1632,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1633,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1634,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1635,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1636,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1637,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1638,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1639,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1640,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1641,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1642,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1643,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1644,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1645,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1646,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1647,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1648,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1649,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1650,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1651,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1652,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1653,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1654,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1655,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1656,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1657,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1658,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1659,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1660,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1661,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1662,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1663,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1664,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1665,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1666,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1667,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1668,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1669,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1670,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1671,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1672,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1673,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1674,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1675,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1676,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1677,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1678,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1679,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1680,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1681,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1682,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1683,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1684,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1685,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1686,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1687,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1688,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1689,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1690,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1691,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1692,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1693,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1694,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1695,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1696,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1697,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1698,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1699,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1700,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1701,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1702,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1703,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1704,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1705,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1706,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1707,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1708,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1709,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1710,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1711,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1712,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1713,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1714,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1715,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1716,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1717,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1718,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1719,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1720,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1721,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1722,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1723,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1724,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1725,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1726,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1727,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1728,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1729,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1730,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1731,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1732,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1733,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1734,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1735,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1736,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1737,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1738,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1739,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1740,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1741,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1742,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1743,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1744,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1745,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1746,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1747,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1748,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1749,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1750,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1751,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1752,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1753,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1754,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1755,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1756,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1757,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1758,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1759,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1760,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1761,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1762,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1763,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1764,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1765,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1766,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1767,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1768,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1769,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1770,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1771,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1772,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1773,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1774,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1775,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1776,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1777,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1778,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1779,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1780,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1781,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1782,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1783,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1784,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1785,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1786,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1787,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1788,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1789,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1790,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1791,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1792,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1793,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1794,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1795,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1796,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1797,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1798,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1799,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1800,App over the years has just been awful. Customer service is great...when you can get a hold of them. The tracker is awesome...when it works 20%of the time. The app just doesn't seem to function well anymore when on data. Cant get a hold of customer service always shows error or says no connection. The tracker almost never shows the car moving so I dont know when or where my driver is. Taking away the ability to talk to ur driver was bad move although I'm sure I can guess why they did that :P,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1801,"I used the app tonight to access a $10 credit on my account. The credit automatically applied to my order. However, when the payment function didn't work (no verification code was sent to my phone) I had to use google pay. By doing this the credit somehow disappeared and I was charged for the entire order without the credit. When I contacted support they could only credit my account again, not refund me the amount I was overcharged. Very frustrating!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1802,"I usually use it for pick up, but customer service is awful. I started a chat, and they take at least 10 minutes in between my messages to respond. The first chat today got disconnected because they took too long to respond that I became inactive and got kicked out of the chat. The second chat also took half an hour for them to tell me to email support. I thought they were support??",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1803,Since this app came out I've had nothing but issues with it. First time It wasn't excepting my card for the longest time. Then there are other issues it seem everytime I use this app my order gets messed up nd then contacting customers service is the worst ever. They have to waiting 10mind before actually responding back to you then another 30 years before replying back with a simple answer. Just terrible.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1804,"Does the job, could use a dark mode. Also in my opinion the save payment method box should be UNCHECKED by default, or at least an option to toggle which it is would be nice to have. Last point I want to mention is restaurants should still show up in results even if they aren't available for the selected time, so the user can check that restaurant's hours.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1805,"Pretty good selection of restaurants but better apps have the same selection if not more. Layout is simple. Customer service can be a hastle to deal with. Had to talk to 3 customer service reps on all occasions in order to get a proper refund. Refunds will almost always be given in credits or, if you fight for it, you will get a fraction of your money back, if at all. Customer service and service overall is better on other food service apps. Great for debit users.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1806,This app is awesome!! Makes life so much easier that I've installed on my kids phone so they can order *with permission* when life throws you a curve ball and can't have dinner on time or when my husband and I plan a date night and they are thrilled to order. Thank you skip the dishes 🙏✌,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1807,"The worst part of this app is how addictive it is. I don't have a vehicle, so having an affordable way to eat out is awesome. I like to reward passing a test with a nice meal, and this makes it so easy to get almost anything I am in the mood for. And any time something was missing from my order, skip has given me credit for my next order without hesitation. The drivers are also very friendly!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1808,I like the app itself its very easy to use and easy to edit your order if you missed an item or need to change one. They are however quite slow in the process. It takes about an hour + to receive your food after you order from the app. Other then that I like it and do use it 🙂,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1809,"Only problem with this app is how easy it is, so you can end up getting take out way too often. Lol. Only thing I wish is if the restaurants added more ways to customize things, no mustard or tomatoes etc.. some places have that, but I wish they all did.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1810,"I've ordered from here many times, now my card is declined everytime, the info hasn't changed, everything is correct. I've tried talking to support only to have my chat window closed by support multiple times and now I cant acess the chat support, it redirects me to ""leave a message"" and I havent received a single email yet. Do not use skip the dishes Do not trust skip the dishes I'm done with these people that cant handle their own payment system.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1811,"Love it, its convenient and easy to use, love the tracking and the drivers so far have been really friendly!! Highly recommended. The only thing I dont like is I cant get deals when stuff is on special ie: when Wendy's had Dave's single on for $3 Also one small thing but I wish your drivers would knock so I know its here. You used to send notification when it arrived but that isnt working anymore.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1812,"The app needs a massive update with their tracker services. It needs to be in real time like Uber Eats, and needs to include delivery driver information beyond that of just their name. I put an order in and the application said the driver was on their way and will be here in 15 minutes. I refreshed a minute or so after and it said 13. After a few minutes the driver arrived yet I was not aware as the app stated they'd arrive much later. Put more information on driver as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1813,"Poor customer service. In-app tech support is text only, reps take too long to update customers on what they're doing. At one point, was switched between three reps as every time I asked what was going on, app seemed to send my question to a new rep. Double order error, refund takes too long, app doesn't ask to confirm address when you check out, so if you have more than one address listed in your profile and forget to select one upon opening app, wrong address might be automatically selected.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1814,Well done. App is smooth and has all necessary featured. Good notifications and transitions. Good business. No glaring issues. Only improvment I'd make is perhaps a bigger menu. Can only see about 3 dishes and 2 headers at once.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1815,"The app just decided it would stop accepting my payments. I contacted customer service, and they said I violated terms of service. Which term? They don't know. They gave me 4 completely different answers that didn't make any sense. They obviously put all their money into their commercials instead of good or at least decent customer experiences",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1816,It is a great app as the other app will not accept Visa debit so I patronize skip the dishes and the service is excellent. I like that you can personalize . I always get the driver to call when here . Excellent and convient .,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1817,"Customer support is non existent! Constant ""could not connect"" is all I'm able to get.. 1 month later. I've tried numerous times and the same thing. My food looks like it was thrown out the car and scraped back together.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1818,"It's solid. The less middle Manning the better. You get credits if order doesn't go through, though. Can push for full refund via support, which I thought was a nice touch. Solid app, just not above and beyond, but almost no one is.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1819,"On the next update you NEED to put a pull down menu indicating house, duplex, apartment, townhouse complex and if the apartment or townhouse then another pull down where they can input the number. Couriers are paid by delivery not by the hour, so when genius customers give a townhouse complex and expect you to know out of 80 units where they stay, couriers lose time.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1820,"Quick and easy to use. I normally just use the website, but when I'm out at a friend's place or somewhere other than my own home, using the app is quite convenient if it's my turn to do the ordering.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1821,After the apps update it logged me out of my account. I logged back in recently and placed an order. First the restaurant was late making my order and then the courier placed that the food was delivered but I never received my order. I go and check the app to see what gives and see that my old phone number from 4 years ago was apparently defaulted and my new number did not exist. Also the app support crashes. And I've been on the phone for 20 minutes still no help. Now We're over starving.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1822,My favorite app to order food from. If there's even a minor problem the skip the dishes staff are on it right away I got full refunds or credit when needed & it didn't take weeks to get either which I was grateful for. Food is always warm or hot when it arrives some drivers are reckless tho but some are very gentle with handling. Overall I love it lol,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1823,"I mean, the app is fine. Sometimes it glitches like today where it said it was at my house when they were picking up the order. The stupid rewards program. Spend $1500 to get $15. Like damn. At least uber I get like 7% back.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1824,"I really want to love this app. Really. Half the time the food is wrong, or things are forgotten. I never bother to complain, as the one time I did - i was ghosted.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1825,"Brutal app. Bugged to the point that you can't use it at all. Maybe they should look into providing quality for customers instead of trying to maximize profits and incentivize customers to spend more money to earn ""reward points"".",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1826,"Normally this app is great but just now I had a terrible experience. I had ordered food and the estimated time was 30 mins, I waited that 30 minutes while the driver had not moved whatsoever. After trying to contact support I was disconnected, once I contacted them again I received no help at all other than the man telling me what the estimated time was and reminding me to keep an eye on the status of the order. After receiving my cold food, I tried to contact support again to no avail.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1827,"I love skip, but I've had a few problems getting a refund for the things that are not delivered in the order. The restaurants that use this app need to properly check the order before it is sent out. I had one instance where I was told I'd have a refund for part of an order that didn't arrive, then the chat was closed.nothing happened. Now the support chat will not even open. Some things to work on.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1828,Thankful there are alternate modes of purchasing. Very prompt delivery drivers. Recently implemented a rewards/points system that will further engage users. All around good service.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1829,"The online chat never works on the app. Also, I think there should be a change to the courier's app that prompts them to read the delivery instructions.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1830,Its decent. I haven't used other food apps but this one works. There are the occasional bug or hiccup but it's always been resolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1831,"Love this app! Amazing service, and even if they get it wrong or forget an item, they are great at resolving the issue.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1832,Super easy to use. Can even change orders or addresses if you make a mistake. Love the new rewards program.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1833,"Hard to contact, when app is not connecting to customer service. Plus charges for delivery when it should be free over $20.00. Then it takes over half and hour to reach customer service by phone.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1834,Works great now. Used to be very sluggish and had a lot of bugs. Happy to see almost all the issues ironed out.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1835,"Skip has its perks.. but as for the chat option when dealing with a mishap, I always seem to get disconnected. Frustrating.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1836,Original food ordering app. Easy to use interface. Customer service is accessible and quick to help. Lots of restaurant variety.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1837,"Very bad customer service. My card got double charged. My order got canceled the first time (I don't know why) the app automatically reordered, but they charged my card twice. I messaged them about it but I didn't get a reply. What they did was put it on a skip credit. Again. I sent a message to put it back on my card, I don't want skip credits. Again no reply. They finally replied back when I told them that I'm done with them, that I'll use the credits that they forced on me but that's it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1838,Love it. Some of the estimated tim they put up is like example will arrive at 12:55 - 1:25 and arrives like 5-10 min before. Love it,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1839,Easy to use and very practical app! Food arrives within the estimated time delivery and has been delicious so far. Helped me discover some great local restaurants.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1840,Have never had a bad experience using this app yet. Even if things don't go perfect at the restaurant end the skip team makes it right.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1841,There are issues with their system processing payment. Connection has failed on a number of occasions!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1842,Food times vary by restaurant. Usually pretty accurate. Skip is great at dealing with any missing items. This is my favorite food ordering app by far.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1843,"Great service IF everything clicks. However, when things go bad, good luck getting any help from Skip Customer Service. Wait almost 4 hours for food one time, Skip says, ""this is normal"" and would not offer refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1844,Love it when I'm stuck in a hotel by the airport and there are no decent options within walking distance. So nice to be able to get something besides pizza!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1845,app is good and so is food..but whever I try to contact support in the app it crashes. one time we didnt get our food...luckily we ran outside and wrestled the burritos from our neighbor...but still..no support!,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1846,"Best courier service app by far. Very organized, easy to use. Never freezes or lags. I recommend it to all my friends",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1847,"Any problem was usually with the restaurant not skip the dishes, but every single time I was given skip points to reorder. Two thumbs up for skip",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1848,Chat support doesn't even work anymore! All it says is error try again Iater!! Think it's their way not responding when they rip you off otherwise you have too call them! Think im not using this service anymore! I'll stick to door dash or Uber eats,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1849,It will no longer except my payments. Nothing is wrong with my card and I have deleted and reinstalled the app.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1850,The more I use this app the more I trust it. The more I am impressed with specific instructions followed. All deliveries have been quick and courteous.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1851,Good app. A little too simplistic when searching for a restaurant. But great updates to the timing.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1852,"App does not work anymore. Constantly giving me a connection error message. Changing to my mobile doesn't fix it either. When it did work, customer service was horrible. Career smashed my pizza and when I sent a complaint it didn't go anywhere. When I called the next day, I was told there was no record of my complaint and they couldn't do anything about it as it had passed the grace period for review.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1853,"it was working fine before but now it wont even let me into the app. It keeps saying ""connection error"" even though my wifi is pretty good.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1854,Followed instructions very well 👍 keep it up and it would be awesome if skip the dishes gave out points to collect for every purchase you made just like superstore has pc points,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1855,Easy to use. Lots of options Helpful if wrong item was sent or an item missing the will refund. The only app I use for food delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1856,The app keeps crashing every time I download and try to open it. Its been 2 weeks.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1857,"I was using this app for the first time. I tried logging in numerous times, on the app as well as with the website. Finally when I had approx 45 minutes left until close I had to contact support. I explained my issue after explaining for 25 minutes, when they say to me, ""we r sorry, we r experiencing some technical issues"" so I was upset, thought I deserved a credit for the inconveniences, but to my surprise I did not get a response to my reply. I surely will not be using your app or website.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1858,I been having trouble with payment with my credit card it was working fine a while ago. I called my bank not my card issue. I chatted with help support they no help saying my account was flag. I used same card in other places online and it worked fine. Skip is the only plavlce my payment wont process so it likely their problem and not my bank. They logged off before i could tell them more. They were no help at all.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1859,Constantly having issues with completing payment on this app. Multiple failed attempts..not happy with customer service,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1860,"Fix your apps! Both the Skip/Skip Courier apps are bad. As a courier, I've had customers tell me they can't update their info properly. How do you expect your couriers to work efficiently when you can't have the info on file updated. Addresses aren't mapping correctly for delivery sometimes. Some couriers aren't even putting the food properly in a thermal bag! How hard is it to remember a phone/bag!? Skip Support is useless. Couriers should have masks! Couriers don't get paid to wait around ppl.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1861,"My experience using the skip app has been good for the most part there are times where my app malfunctioned with showing payment errors, with saying that I do want you to keep in mind I do look at my bank and visa accounts before making any purchases I make sure I have more than enough for the items I am ordering and the delivery fee. But there has been time where my app has state not once but 6 times that payment has failed before checking my account my self to see the payment was accepted",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1862,"Overall good, wish it would let me change the default address from my work place to home, but it won't.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1863,I always get something wrong or missing from my order and when I try to contact skip for it to be fixed they don't answer or there app keeps telling me reconnecting. Then I have to call them by phone and it takes way too long for them to answer and by the time that they answered I'm so fed up with the the problem that I just don't want to deal with them. I have never had these problems dealing with Uber.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1864,Skip app resolves address incorrectly and repeated attempts to fix the issue with support goes no where. Most couriers are late due to application problems with cold food or order delivery to other houses. No way to notify or contact courier on route to let them know they are going the wrong way. Saved address cannot be modified and notes on saved address do not retain save notes. No ability to report in app if address is incorrect. No way to modify order delivery instructions post order.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1865,"This app has changed our lives, specially since the whole pandemic lockdowns, restrictions etc. We have thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated this service. Keep up the great work and service...awesome",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1866,Update: 1 star now. There's no way to update a new credit card. Absurd! I give this 4 stars only because I use it a lot and it serves it's basic purpose. However there are many areas for improvement. First would be that you should be able to tip the courier AFTER delivery NOT before. Another is that the customer should be able to directly order a previous order without having to search for the restaurant. Basically this app should try to be more user friendly like Uber eats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1867,"Not much to change here! Changing from 4 to 5Stars! There was a hiccup, not too long ago! Skip the Dishes was quick to action! Thank you Again I have ordered a couple times through this service so far. I haven't had any issues. Will continue to use from time to time! Couriers are polite. Support responds very quickly to any issues!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1868,"I would have given it 5 stars but not all the couriers follow the instructions. Recently, it says that my payment can't be completed because ""my card is not charged"" or they can't send me the one time authorization code because my info isn't updated. Well, I don't have a prepaid credit card nor is it on hold for any reason with the credit card company and my contact information has never changed from the information that they have sent an authorization code to before. Quite the annoyance.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1869,"It's a great way to find local restaurants that you wouldn't know about otherwise. The convenience is through the roof. The only thing holding it back from a five star is that sometimes fast food orders get messed up, and when you have a group together missing an entire combo is frustrating. They fix it with refunds but is still the thing holding it back for me.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1870,"Skip the dishes is great, so convenient to just order your food and the feature where you can see where they are is great, also easy to order.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1871,I find whenever I have ran into an issue they always make it right and very quickly. I love using Skip the dishes!!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1872,"EXCELLENT!! Need I say more! I was impressed with the courier and his politeness!!! Made me feel, like it was worth the effort!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1873,"Since these days make me not want to grocery shop, or go pick up food, I'm so thankful this app and service exists. Makes my life easier for sure!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1874,"This app is completely unreliable. Restaurants are open for delivery but the app thinks they're closed. All the Subways are out of all ingredients! Seriously?! Sometimes it's so difficult to reorder or add to a reorder, it's just easier to go to the restaurant... Over and over again. Same errors for months. Edit: September 16/2020 Now chat support doesn't work. Nice customer service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1875,"Works very well. Will use again. Will change to 5 stars once I can read what I'm typing when I leave restaurant reviews. With a Pixel 3 XL on Android 10 the curser field is behind the keyboard, with no way to see what you're typing; very annoying. Otherwise great app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1876,"The app is easy to use, but has one major flaw. It does not give you an approximate time frame, within which you'll get your food, until aftee you've paid. Kinda sucks, when you're just trying to get something quickly, and find out your food, is going to be nearly an hour wait.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1877,Really intuitive. It opens a whole new variety of order in foods so you're not stuck with pizza or chinese constantly. The app has also introduced us to a lot of local restaurants that we probably never would have found or tried. A+,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1878,Wonderful app that is easy to use. Great for a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1879,"Very dissatisfied with the app. Have been using for a long time, but my latest experience will ensure I use a different delivery service. My whole order was delivered to the wrong house, and was disconnected from help both times I contacted. Was never able to get a refund or even skip credits. I got no help from Skip or from the restaurant I ordered from. Wasted my time and money.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1880,"When I started using in March 2020 when Covid ramped up their app was great. Now app crashes regularly, large delivery fees are more common (used to be rotation of free offers) and orders arrive wrong or I get a call saying parts if order sold out or the like- never happened at start now common place. I'm very disappointed by an app that had their business down and now is unreliable",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1881,Very convenient and easy the only complaint I have is really from the restaurant and versus the people who are giving the service of delivering the food which is unfortunate because they seem to get the brunt of things,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1882,"I have a transcript that does not reflect what's the support associate said he would do to make up for the disappointed order experience. He said he would forward a credit to my Skip account. I waited two days because I know it's busy. Until now, nothing. Chat started on 30 Sep 2020, 05:30 AM (GMT+0)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1883,"The customer service (which I've only required twice), is essentially instant and im so pleased with skip.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1884,"I enjoy using skip, fast easy and I can see where the progress is.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1885,Great app. Sometimes the wait is killer but can't complain when these restaurants don't normally deliver.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1886,"It seems with the last update you can no longer use your debit card through Google Pay, forcing you to use your credit card. It sucks, but on top of the other glitches with Skip, I won't be ordering as much anymore because I don't want it charged to my credit card every time. If this a permanent change, then Skip will lose a client with me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1887,"Skid the dishes has been wonderful so far. If there is a problem, it is looked after very quickly. App works great. Although, come to think of it. I was in Stratford, ON recently and there were skip the dishes stickers on restaurant doors, but I wasn't able to order through the app. Other than that it never failed me. 😊",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1888,App works fine. Previously rated this a 5* changed it to a 3*. Last few months seems drivers are takeing detours before and occasionally after picking up food. Food is arriving colder than it should. Then last night food didnt even show up. Watched the map till it was almost here then it said delivered. Waited just incase and still nothing. Got a credit or refund offered but more should be done. Drivers should be screened and tracked better. Hopefully this will stuff will stop and I can 5* again,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1889,"Customer support is absolutely terrible, they'll tell you they will refund the money back to your card in 3-5 business days then just give you skip credits instead. The app has a weird bug where it makes you pay twice but, the first payment went through so they just give credits instead of giving the money back. I would not recommend using.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1890,Great app! Have used it many times and in different cities. There's a great variety of restaurants and food choices. Helpful rating (skip score) system to assist in your decision making. I've always had good customer service when I've needed. I haven't used an alternative app in over a year. Skip is all I need.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1891,When we had a late order they worked with us and gave us a credit towards our next purchase. This is most used for my late night McDonald's ice cream McFlurries that I love to get. Arrives is such good timing I have never had melted ice cream always fresh and delicious. Keep up the good work guys,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1892,Always consistent! Deliveries are matched well and the variety provided is amazing. I've never had a problem with skip and I've been using it for two years since I moved. The one hiccup that occurred when a restaurant failed to deliver after accepting pay was swiftly remedied by skip and I was refunded in skip currency. Works for me !,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1893,"HORRIBLE SERVICE! DON'T USE IT. Unfortunately (or fortunately) I'll have to delete the app and use DOORDASH. I've been trying to use your app several times but it always says that my payment has failed. I already called my bank multiple times, they said the problem is with you. I deleted and installed again, same error. I called you many times, they blame the bank. Your customer service doesn't help with ANYTHING, they're just useless!! Deserves ZERO stars",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1894,"For the most part this app is great.. the GPS is a whole other thing . But drivers are friendly.. I don't have anything bad to say.. I will always use SkipTheDishes! Overall only positive experiences... One time I ordered food from some restaurant (can't remember place ) and they just didn't show ..I even had called ahead to make some specific changes...which they agreed, then didn't come..closed up shop. Smh. Which isn't on Skip. But skip gave me free credits. So that def helped ease my upset!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1895,"Accidentally had the wrong address put in, and it kept setting that address to default instead of our normal home address. Tried to talk to skip and they pretty much said suck it, not our problem when it's the app that keeps messing up. Had to delete the app and manually delete all the addresses so it would keep messing up. I would stay away from the skip app, if anything messes up its your fault and they won't do anything to help. But thwy will just take your money and tell you to suck it :)",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1896,"The app itself gets your order to you, my complaint is the chat support. If you go on reddit, multiple people have problems with the chat not connecting, which makes it impossible to fix order mistakes. I tried emailing the skip the dishes support, but they did not respond to me. I'm using Android, I'm not sure if apple has the same problem. I'm out $35 because of this problem. After reading a bunch of reviews, it's clear skip the dishes does not care. They don't acknowledge any of the reviews",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1897,NEED HELP? PFFT GOOD LUCK. Chat support hasn't worked in MONTHS!! Haven't been able to chat with customers through the app since April!! Dev team really needs to get on that. Everytime I try to make a request for a missing item it goes through the process then says something went wrong and doesn't process the refund. It then makes it impossible to try on the site cause it will says its been processed when it hasn't. For that I give it 1 star cause you're leaving your customers with zero support,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1898,"Simple to use & easy to understand when it actually works. The restaurant selection available in my region is surprisingly varied. *September 8, 2020* I registered with an email address & password instead of linking an account & 2 days later it already doesn't work. Login information is incorrect every attempt & reset password doesn't send a reset to my email address. Linking accounts yields a connection error so there's no way to use the app anymore. Oh well.?",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1899,"The navigation/location system is garbage. It routinely sends drivers to the wrong location, and refuses to ""see"" my house. After multiple attempts to get it to work, I'm done with it. I cannot recommend this app in any way, shape, or form.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1900,The app is good.The support was okay however my last time dealing with support was horrible. I was asking for help because I was charged twice and never even recieved the order that night got refunded once that nigh but not even to my card like I asked. I told the guy on support and he told me I received the order and was refunded which I wasnt. I used this app alot and barely complained except if I didnt get part of my order. The the support disconnected with me. Im very disappointed and done.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1901,App works great except it doesn't seem to have the physical address of the restaurant. There are two identically named restaurants in my area for delivery. I'd prefer to know I was ordering from the closer one! Otherwise no complaints.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1902,"Does what it is supposed to. Accurate, user friendly. Don't expect to have your socks knocked off. Just a solid app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1903,"No ads, helpful and prompt support chat, features some great restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1904,Awesome app. Super easy to use with clear instructions.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1905,"The skip the Dishes app is a so easy to navigate! And there is always more then enough options to choose from. skip is the perfect app to have especially on days when your too busy at work, or forgot your lunch. A simple click and lunch, dinner, coffee what ever it may be is on the way! The employees of skip are always friendly and on time. I can't think of a better app to have on your phone. If you haven't tried skip. Go ahead and hit the download button. You won't be dissapointed with this.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1906,"Iv used the app for a good 4 months due to corona virus. My biggest complaint is that if anything goes wrong, missing food, pick up time sometimes keeps changing making the time even longer, or the driver just going elsewhere and arriving with cold food. There is nothing you can do about it. Its honestly a hit or miss depending on the drivers or restaurants. Sure you can get a refund but just for that specific item and does not include the tip you gave them.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1907,16 august 2020 -- app still wont work waste of time. Thanks for not fixing your broken app devs. --- update ends --- Would not take my payment. After three tries i called my credit card provider. They verified i had over 2000.00 available credit. Problem is with the app. I used uber eats instead. No problems. Will never use this app again. I strongly reccomend avoiding this app. It doesn't work.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1908,Highly addictive. Wish it had more photos of what the food looks like maybe contributed by users of the app but approved by the restaurant.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1909,"I love this app and use it weekly (or more). It always works just fine and surprisingly, the customer service is very fast, friendly and efficient!!! On the odd occasion when there has been a problem with my order, customer service has rectified the problem quickly and to my satisfaction each and every time!!! i also use this app to order food for my kids who live in a different province. its awesome to be able to quickly order a pizza-gift for someone far away!!!!!!!!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1910,Interestingly people are having trouble with their addresses. Skip app shows my address right away befire I order. I have no #'s on my house. Drivers still find it. Since I know we'll use them again I'm ok with a credit. My daughter and I have been using SKIP since the beginning. I hope it doesn't change after some of these reviews.. I have more poblrms with restaurants getting my orders correct.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1911,"Doesn't work with company VPN - app flat out fails to load (as does the site) unless I bypass my company's VPN. Tried without the VPN and the address input seems to get confused with suite number. Lots of user friction and frustration here. As such, have uninstalled - DoorDash seems to offer a better, more user friendly experience (and works with our VPN - pretty basic requirement these days).",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1912,"I would really like to see a feature where you can save or follow the restaurants you like. Otherwise the experience has been pretty good for us. Only one really bad experience where we waited over 4.5 hours for no food, skip did return our money in app credits to place a different order though.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1913,Wish there was a more accurate way to track the drivers. There have been several times when I missed my order because the order said it was still on the way. Uber eats has a better way to track than this.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1914,"I got a $10 off coupon today and was excited to use. But it's a scam!!! It showed $10 off all the way till the end. But it disappears after checking out and took the full amount out of my account. After contacting customer support, they tell me the only thing they can do is give me another $10 off coupon for my next order. Why would I fall for your scam twice?!? This is definitely the last time I try skip the dishes, stick to uber eats. They at least don't scam people",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1915,"I have repeatedly tried to access the chat for support but it says every time ""there was an error"" can't connect yes I have cleared the cache for the app and yes I have logged out of the app and back in. It's terrible when you pay for an extra item that you don't get with your order that was requested via the app. Pretty rude if you ask me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1916,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1917,"It does exactly what it needs to. Logically laid out, first-time (and beyond) user friendly, accurate driver tracking, all bases covered. I hesitated to try the service, my first experience with it put any worries I had to rest.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1918,"Keeps closing whenever I try to open it saying there's a connection error yet every other app on my phone works fine, I have a strong signal for wifi plus I have data ! Thumbs down. Doesn't help when your hangry want to order some food on a Friday night and it doesn't work. Lame.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1919,"I left clear instructions on how to find my address and the courier delivered it somewhere else. Then when I chatted with Support, 4 of them left the chat without notice. The fifth one just refunded me with Skip credits without asking me first. Very frustrating experience for me and this is the second time it happened.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1920,"This app is now my go-to way to order food. Makes life sooooo much easier. Only thing i wish it had was the ability to search for specific items, like Nachos for example. If you know what you want, it can be hard to find it as you have to go into each restaurant and check their menu. Not a deal vreaker but would be a nice feature.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1921,"I love the app when everything works as its supposed to , however if a restaurant cancels the order or if another unusual thing happens, it takes up to 5 days to get your money back . It is frustrating because when you order something else that's actually in stock you have to pay again and the new item you ordered is let's say $15 dollars cheaper, you have to make another payment. And you always have to contact support to get it sorted and they try to push STDishes credits. I don't want credits",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1922,"Chat with support doesn't work, so if you need help or to change anything you will be out of luck. I accidentally put in the wrong address sure it's my fault but if I could have reached support this would have been fixed now the driver made off with a 7 dollar tip my roommate gave and a free shawarma. Hope that 25$ was good skip cause I'm never using this app again!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1923,"If you want an honest opinion. Terrible App but amazing people working hard trying their best. Right now I changed my 1 star to 3 star( btw this is like 3-4) months because I understand mistakes happen and its during COVID-19. My main issue before was customer service ( people delivering ) as well as how long it took, but that is understandable since you were kind enough to start hiring people that were in need. Now my biggest problem is the app, hope after the update , it won't double charg",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1924,"I can't order food. Every time I try when I get to checkout it says ""your connection request cannot be completed. Check your network settings or try again."" I have restarted my phone, reinstalled the app tried updating both the app and the phone, forgetting and logging back into the network.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1925,"8 months ago I rated Skip as low as i could. Now In August 2020, i would rate them a high 4s stars. They have worked most of the bugs out, andI now use the app 6-10 times monthly, with little to no problems at all. If there is an issue, Skip has refunded me with no hassles. The refunds are in the form of credits for future orders, and I think that should change. I don't like being forced to spend money at a place where the service was so bad, that a full refund was needed in the first place. However, now that the bugs are ironed out, a credit refund isn't so bad, because I would be using the service quite often anyway.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1926,"Worst ever, deleting this app. The customer service chat is HORRIBLE, it's the worst service I've ever had. Half the time my order has been delivered to the wrong address. At one point my address disappeared in the app entirely, which means they have had to call to confirm it because the app won't let me change it. Today my food never arrived despite the fact someone called to do that, and somehow despite my living 5 mins away I was told I live 2 hours away and I wouldn't get a refund either.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1927,Skip the dishes app works for me here and there but then I have issues where I can't order food at all so I had to download doordash and ubereats but all of a sudden the app is working now and every time I would talk to skip the dishes helpline when the app wouldn't work they just kept telling me it was my bank card but when I spoke with the bank it wasn't so sometimes skip the dishes is good and sometimes it isn't it's honestly trial and error half the time. Which can be frustrating at times.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1928,"I really love the convenience of this app, it's made a world of difference for me in 2020. For a while I was noticing some sort of glitching during the tracking portion of ordering, causing me to be late to meet the driver, and the app would also shut off while tracking, but whatever that issue was, it seems to be resolved now, which tells me the developers keep a close eye on things.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1929,"I just got an other going to the other side of the city because your app isn't able to remember that i ordered form here, home, Yesterday. It auto set it self to the address of one of my relatives at the other side of the town.. totally unintuitive and brain dead simple as a feature... don't give me an address i ordered from months ago automatically. Right now, I ordered while working... wasn't attentive. Yey no meal..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1930,"The app works as it's supposed to, but the inability to add a new credit card after deleting one is disappointing, especially after seeing in the news about how Skip as a company responds to possible credit card fraud-- saying it's not their problem is troubling.. Will not be using anymore.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1931,"Sometimes I find the lack of communication difficult. I use this app often and have had a VERY hard time contacting customer service one of the times I didn't receive my order at all. I've only had issues with my delivery getting to me out two out of over 80 times I've purchased something, so that says something about the wonderful drivers. But getting a hold of an actual representative when things haven't worked out has been one of the worst customer experiences of my life.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1932,"Switched to a new phone and reinstalled the app. It gives me a network error when trying to log in on wifi or on LTE+. Cleared cache and date, reinstalled restarted app nothing worked. Spent more time trying to get it to work than it took me to call in a pick up order and go pick it up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1933,"Many people say you cant change your cards. You can, just have to go into your customer profile. Personally ive found this app great but my experiences with this companies drivers are horrible. Waiting an hour and a half for my driver to go pick up my meal, restaurant confirmed it was ready while he waz just casually waiting in the same spot. Support told me to cancel my 80$ order. Are you stupid? Because clearly you want the restaurant to just throw out a big order like that. And waist food.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1934,"I love the app because it is so easy to use. I have used Skip quite often especially since this pandemic started and I think the longest I've had to wait for any delivery was perhaps 30 minutes if even that long. The drivers have always been very polite and have always followed instructions. The only issue I have had was with one of the restaurants getting my order wrong, but that does not reflect badly on Skip. I have recommended Skip to many family and friends who have also used the app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1935,"it's nice to have a menu for different restaurants at home. it's convenient. it's awesome to be able to track your food delivery. but the food is more expensive + delivery and tip total, it's MUCH cheaper to order your food from a restaurant and have it delivered by a delivery company or a cab. and when a voucher is offered, the ap will not give you the discount. there's always an error message.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1936,"""Every single order that I've placed using SkipTheDishes, has EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS!!!"" The food is always HOT, 🔥👌🔥👌 Each and every order is always packed perfectly!! My instructions have always been followed perfectly!! ""I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE/APP TO ANYONE & EVERYONE!!!"" ""MY RATING FOR THIS FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE, IS WITHOUT A DOUBT, *A FIVE out of FIVE!!""",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1937,App needs alot of work in my opinion it glitches outer tells you connection errors. When I need to chat with support for order changes or help I cant because the chat setting does not work. They need to fix these bugs. Also customer support persons can be nice or very rude. I needed to cancel an order because the restaurant did not have what I was looking for and the agent ended the chat without canceling the order. I hope they can get into gear and fix these issues as it is unprofessional.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1938,"I have a love/hate relationship. I delete the app and download it again from time to time and always so disappointed when I do. Impossible to contact support!!!!!!!! Impossible to use with a VPN!!!!!!!!! Always something wrong with the order or delivery doesn't show up... Always trying to contact support for something, which is Impossible by the way!!!! Spare yourself!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1939,"Someone got into my account 4 days ago and spent $220, I reported it immediately, they told me I would hear back within 48 hours. We're going onto almost 5 days, and I haven't heard a single thing. I've reached out multiple times, each time they say I'll hear from them right away, and still nothing! I've been using this service for years and this is how you treat your customers? Disgusting.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1940,"Simple delivery app like any other. Cheaper than Uber and has a much better support system. I wish 24 hour delivery was an option. If it was, I'd only be using Skip. I really enjoy how accurate the delivery times are in my area. Keep it up and hopefully there's more to come!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1941,"There has always been delivery options, but it is nice to be able to track your order from the time it is being made, to the time it leaves the restaurant, to the time it arrives at your door. I had a courier claim that he made a delivery but never received my order. Skip was fast (within 20 min) to credit me my lost order. Love this app. Highly recommend.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1942,I seriously love this app. I like the fact that I can pay on the app and not have to bother at the door.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1943,"Skip would be so much better if you could put a specific address in, instead of GPS location. I work in a building with multiple businesses under the same street address, and find it a bit of a nuisance to remember to put my store name in the contactless driver note box. The app use to. Why the change?",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1944,"Mostly good, though tracking app can be inaccurate at times. EDIT 09/06/20 - I ordered a salad from Wendys, app kept saying it was going to be 29mins..then 28..then 31..it ended up being 10minutes short of TWO HOURS before I received it. And, as other reviewers have stated, when I clicked on Chat Support to discuss this, it would act like it was trying to connect me with someone, and would end up saying it cant connect right now.. I tried 4 times! Like the app, do NOT like lack of Custsupport",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1945,Great app. Only had great experiences with drivers. I highly recommend using it for delivery.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1946,Very poor platform! Support is terrible! new agent answers for every single message.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1947,Love the APP but need to add before you order it will tell you the estimated time how long it takes to get not after you placed the order then you can cancel your order before you cant so maybe next update,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1948,"One of the many apps to use, actually refunds when courier or restaurant messes up.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1949,"Convenient. Reliable. Great Experience. Above three positive aspects my orders always fulfilled via this app. Great restaurants selection. Adding food to choosing the payment methods, and the delivery... all being updated in real-time right within the app. I never had any issues with their payment system, and even have my CC info stored. The Brand is completely revived, and quite trustworthy now under the NEW management. Now, less reaching out to customer service. Yay! 5 out of 5.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1950,"My first few experiences were not great but they are very quick to respond and correct any errors so they are improving greatly. We just moved and have used them quite a bit in that time, always quick and easy.I will definitely continue to use this service.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1951,"Tried to chat with support, and couldn't get through. Tried to use a desktop same issue, where I used chrome on my phone, I got through, got a representative and they left the chat immediately.. not impressed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1952,Works well. Easy interface. Helpful in trying to support local businesses.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1953,Gives unknown network error when trying to login on LTE or WiFi network.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1954,I do like this app I only just like one thing I don't like that they credit you your money after they take it but other than that they have provided great service for me,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1955,"In terms of functionality, it is pretty disappointing. Search and filters is/are very limited, review process is questionable - a thumbs up or down is available which is somehow translated into a score out of 5. This does not feel very transparent. This app feels like a regression.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1956,"The app is super easy to use and I mean, really it's just bringing you closer to the food around you so you don't have to leave the comfort of your home. Dealt with COVID very well. However, in cases with MONEY errors (i.e. overcharging especially) I want that money returned, not put back into Skip Credits. Or at least have an option?",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1957,"Best delivery app I have tried to date. I work at a restaurant that offers all the popular delivery services, and skip has the least problems. Because the restaurant doesn't have to select when the food is ready for pickup (and instead goes by the time set by the restaurant) there is less margin for error and therefore less probability that your food will be delivered cold and late. I always order skip (and have tried multiple services.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1958,Amazing that my food is still hot!! Drivers follow instructions and the food is exactly what I ordered. Will recrommend this to all my friends and family for future takeouts. Im also a google tour guide so this makes it easier than driving around town dining at different locations. Amazing job guys greatly appreciated !!!!! Need a 6 star option because im so pleased.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1959,Easy to use and I love being able to track my prder in real time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1960,"Very good service for convenience. Food arrives fast for me, mostly in good condition and still warm. However; on rare occasion the food and drinks in particular will fall over In the courier's bag and spill. An instance of this had the guy swearing at the door saying ""now I have to clean this mess"" in a tone that implied this was somehow my fault. Overall a great service, a little stiff on delivery fees which for example turns my order from 13.99 to 21.00 since skip also pushes tipping on you.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1961,"Easy to use. They could add a few more options for some restaurants when ordering extras, toppings ect. Also not all restaurants have a add additional request/or comments section. So far delivery people have always been very nice and polite. Good app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1962,"I like this app, but I find each time I order it stops, then I have to reorder. I am not sure what the problem is. Maybe it's because my tablet is an older model but it works okay with other things.lbelieve my old tablet was the reason the Skip app kept stopping. I have had no problems when using my phone or new tablet and the delivery is usually on time. I would recommend using the Skip app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1963,"The app gave me 10$ credit so I was ready to make an order. At the checkout there was a bug and I closed the app. I reopened it, I tried to make the order again and the 10$ credit was missing. I chatted with the support team for 30 minutes, the said they will issue me a refund for a 10$ skip credit in 15 to 20 minutes. I was ready to order 30 minutes ago and because your app has bugs I would have to wait another 20 minutes to have that 10$ credit back.. 50 minutes lost for a bug. What a joke",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1964,"Never any issues with Skip the dishes, also easy to use.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1965,"Works as advertised. Great ui and complete step by step real time information. The only thing to be concerned about is the reimbursement policy. They err on the side of giving 5 bucks credit for what I could argue should be 25-50% of the order price for mishaps. I have a small sample size so I didn't let that affect my rating, just be aware.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1966,"Skip has been generally great! Some drivers arent great with finding the addresses, but skip in general has been good. Really great with helping when I accidentally put in the wrong address, as ive done multiple times.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1967,Have been using this service since COVID-19 hit. It's been a lifesaver.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1968,Excellent so far no complaint awesome service on time most of the time.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1969,Great app. Pay money. Consume calories. Repeat till you're broke or dead,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1970,Fast and easy to use even though i am using a FiGO phone.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1971,Overall the skip App is easy to use. This is the only App I oder from. One thing though. I order from Tim Hortons alot on this App. It use to give an option for a particular drink that is no longer an option anymore. There for the drink I'd usually get is not made the same. Not sure why the option for the drink is no longer an option. Definitely though I would recommend this App.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1972,"A wonder app about 90% of the time, until you get an issue with delivery. In the latter case, you'll find that their support is virtually non-existent and the best they'll do is a partial credit. A great application with some severe underlying issues.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1973,"Great app, competitive delivery prices, customer satisfaction is a priority for sure. But, there should be a better communication system. They sometimes portray that your order is in process for over 40+ mins, when in reality your food has never been made and your courier had never been assigned. After doing so for a long period of time, customers are left with a cancelled order, wasted time, empty stomach and closed restaurants. They will try to rectify, but just fix the system. New colour 🔥",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1974,The app itself is good expect for when the driver is on route it is never accurate and makes the drivers drive around in circles around your location before the get there maming your food cold and not as fresh and not the drivers fault please update your location services and make them more accurate,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1975,Always a great way to get some great local food without leaving the comfort of your home. Easy to use and straight forward.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1976,Good but not great. Would like more options to make special requests,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1977,Garbage app...accepted my card yesterday! Exact same card today and it won't work!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1978,"App is ok. Could use better sorts, and filters for food. It's not always clear if a restaurant is closed or open in the choices. Delivery times are long. On several occasions I waited over 1.5 hours for food, the food would be ready at the restaurant but the courier is delivering other people's food. It would be nice if they offered incentive discounts for restaurants. Customer service speaks English, and actually reads your replies and responds properly.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1979,"Amazing app, very easy to read through, and to cancel/ edit an order if a mistake was made. I find the doordash app does not give me this freedom to cancel and/or remove items before and after you order. 10/10 would always recommend, but only if you keep the no contact delivery option forever. Shout out to my fellow introverts!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1980,"Consistently makes offers ($X off, free delivery, etc.) that arent applied when checking out and cant be. Always double check what you're being charged and what for in the checkout because the app WILL try to trick you. Buyer Beware.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1981,Great app! The only issue is that sometimes it doesn't track the vehicle properly but most of the time it does! I've never had a bad experience except for with the place i was ordering from. Works great!!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1982,Missing items and no support in the slightest. What a joke. As soon as there is a problem with your order you will be placed on permanent chat disconnects and never attain contact. So sad.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1983,Never disappointed with the service ! It's consistent and precise,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1984,"Their support system is nonexistent. You try clicking contact support then you're endlessly waiting until it says something went wrong. And it's not just my phone, it has also been happening for me since I started using it back in March.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1985,"Awful app. Tried to add new credit card to my account. Attempted over five times and contacted their ""support."" Was not helpful at all. Can't actually solve the problem. Will not be using this app again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1986,"While there's many food options on the app, the GPS and tracking is absolutely terrible. I never know where my driver is or when they will arrive, which is the whole point of the app. Very frustrating when you live in an apartment.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1987,"The restaurant called me to tell me that the skipdriver was not responsive to pickup the order. The restaurant called and placed on hold for 30+min with no response. I called the skip help line. After 20mins listening to an automated message and no response, I tried using the in app chat. No response. I had to log onto a web browser to recieve slow customer service. This whole event took 1hr for a response while the food waited at restaurant for a driver. This is also NOT a one time incident.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1988,"Skip the Dishes is good - no additional ""administrative fees"" like a few of the other apps. Not sure why, but their ""live tracker"" seems to be less accurate lately. Not a big deal - but it's not unusual for the doorbell to ring when it shows the driver to still be blocks away.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1989,"Artificially inflated prices (the norm for delivery apps), highest delivery fees in Toronto (minimum $5 in my area near Yonge / Finch) but no additional ""service fee"" like every other app (+1 star for that). Drivers rarely have working gps and show as being in their driveway for the entire delivery, probably an app issue. Bans you if you contact support more than once.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1990,I cant order from this anymore since skip won't take my credit card. I've tried asking their customer service why and they were no help. I've even gone through Google pay. It works for everything else but it won't work for them apparently. And they won't bother to fix it or tell me what the problem even is.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1991,"The app does not load on my new phone (LG8 8X thinq) despite uninstalling and reinstalling, clearly cache and ensuring location services are fully on for the app. Nothing seems to make it work. I was a loyal skip user but have now switched to doordash and Uber eats for delivery services as I cannot use the app and the web system is not great for mobile web.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1992,Makes ordering in a million times easier than it used to be!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1993,Too many times this apt don't work. Even after reinstalling it.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1994,Very convenient. Prices not bad. Overall very satisfied,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1995,"I love Skip, a fantastic idea in world searching for more convenience. Cudos to the creators and to the support team for keeping it running as smooth as it does **** Revoked 5 star..my skip keeps giving me a connection error every login attempt.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1996,"There is an option to submit orders for review if the restaurant makes an error. It used to work and it read great... But it hasn't worked in months, forcing customers to chat to customer service making the whole process much longer. They need to repair this option.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1997,First off my payments were not working. I had to change from Google to Facebook to just plain old email before I could get the payment to go through. Secondly 80% of my order was wrong and they only credited me for a missing soda pop. I think I'll stick with uber eats as this was not a good experience,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1998,"I wish there was a way to save my favorite restaurants, having to search every time is annoying",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1999,Works Well. Just wish there was anything actually done about missed items from the restaurant,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
