,feedback,rating
0,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
6,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
7,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
8,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
9,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
10,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
11,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
12,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
13,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
14,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
15,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
16,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
17,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
18,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
19,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
20,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
21,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
22,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
23,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
24,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
25,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
26,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
27,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
28,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
29,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
30,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
31,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
32,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
33,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
34,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
35,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
36,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
37,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
38,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
39,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
40,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
41,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
42,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
43,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
44,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
45,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
46,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
47,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
48,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
49,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
50,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
51,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
52,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
53,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
54,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
55,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
56,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
57,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
58,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
59,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
60,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
61,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
62,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
63,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
64,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
65,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
66,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
67,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
68,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
69,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
70,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
71,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
72,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
73,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
74,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
75,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
76,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
77,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
78,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
79,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
80,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
81,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
82,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
83,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
84,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
85,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
86,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
87,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
88,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
89,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
90,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
91,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
92,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
93,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
94,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
95,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
96,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
97,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
98,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
99,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
100,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
101,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
102,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
103,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
104,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
105,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
106,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
107,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
108,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
109,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
110,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
111,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
112,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
113,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
114,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
115,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
116,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
117,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
118,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
119,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
120,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
121,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
122,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
123,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
124,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
125,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
126,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
127,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
128,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
129,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
130,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
131,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
132,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
133,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
134,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
135,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
136,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
137,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
138,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
139,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
140,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
141,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
142,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
143,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
144,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
145,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
146,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
147,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
148,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
149,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
150,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
151,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
152,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
153,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
154,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
155,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
156,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
157,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
158,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
159,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
160,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
161,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
162,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
163,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
164,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
165,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
166,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
167,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
168,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
169,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
170,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
171,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
172,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
173,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
174,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
175,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
176,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
177,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
178,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
179,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
180,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
181,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
182,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
183,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
184,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
185,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
186,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
187,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
188,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
189,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
190,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
191,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
192,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
193,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
194,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
195,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
196,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
197,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
198,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
199,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
200,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
201,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
202,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
203,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
204,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
205,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
206,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
207,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
208,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
209,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
210,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
211,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
212,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
213,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
214,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
215,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
216,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
217,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
218,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
219,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
220,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
221,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
222,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
223,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
224,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
225,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
226,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
227,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
228,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
229,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
230,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
231,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
232,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
233,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
234,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
235,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
236,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
237,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
238,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
239,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
240,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
241,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
242,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
243,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
244,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
245,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
246,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
247,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
248,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
249,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
250,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
251,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
252,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
253,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
254,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
255,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
256,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
257,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
258,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
259,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
260,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
261,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
262,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
263,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
264,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
265,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
266,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
267,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
268,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
269,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
270,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
271,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
272,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
273,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
274,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
275,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
276,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
277,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
278,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
279,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
280,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
281,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
282,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
283,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
284,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
285,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
286,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
287,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
288,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
289,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
290,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
291,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
292,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
293,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
294,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
295,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
296,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
297,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
298,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
299,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
300,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
301,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
302,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
303,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
304,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
305,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
306,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
307,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
308,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
309,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
310,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
311,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
312,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
313,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
314,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
315,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
316,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
317,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
318,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
319,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
320,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
321,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
322,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
323,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
324,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
325,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
326,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
327,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
328,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
329,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
330,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
331,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
332,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
333,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
334,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
335,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
336,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
337,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
338,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
339,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
340,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
341,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
342,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
343,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
344,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
345,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
346,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
347,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
348,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
349,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
350,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
351,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
352,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
353,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
354,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
355,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
356,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
357,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
358,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
359,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
360,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
361,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
362,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
363,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
364,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
365,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
366,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
367,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
368,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
369,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
370,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
371,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
372,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
373,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
374,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
375,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
376,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
377,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
378,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
379,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
380,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
381,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
382,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
383,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
384,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
385,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
386,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
387,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
388,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
389,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
390,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
391,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
392,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
393,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
394,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
395,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
396,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
397,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
398,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
399,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1000,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1001,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1002,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1003,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1004,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1005,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1006,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1007,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1008,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1009,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1010,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1011,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1012,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1013,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1014,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1015,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1016,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1017,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1018,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1019,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1020,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1021,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1022,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1023,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1024,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1025,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1026,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1027,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1028,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1029,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1030,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1031,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1032,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1033,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1034,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1035,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1036,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1037,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1038,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1039,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1040,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1041,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1042,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1043,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1044,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1045,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1046,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1047,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1048,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1049,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1050,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1051,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1052,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1053,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1054,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1055,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1056,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1057,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1058,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1059,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1060,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1061,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1062,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1063,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1064,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1065,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1066,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1067,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1068,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1069,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1070,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1071,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1072,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1073,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1074,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1075,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1076,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1077,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1078,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1079,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1080,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1081,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1082,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1083,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1084,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1085,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1086,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1087,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1088,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1089,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1090,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1091,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1092,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1093,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1094,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1095,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1096,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1097,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1098,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1099,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1100,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1101,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1102,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1103,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1104,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1105,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1106,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1107,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1108,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1109,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1110,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1111,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1112,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1113,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1114,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1115,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1116,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1117,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1118,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1119,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1120,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1121,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1122,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1123,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1124,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1125,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1126,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1127,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1128,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1129,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1130,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1131,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1132,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1133,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1134,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1135,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1136,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1137,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1138,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1139,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1140,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1141,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1142,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1143,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1144,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1145,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1146,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1147,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1148,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1149,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1150,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1151,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1152,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1153,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1154,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1155,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1156,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1157,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1158,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1159,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1160,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1161,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1162,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1163,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1164,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1165,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1166,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1167,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1168,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1169,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1170,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1171,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1172,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1173,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1174,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1175,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1176,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1177,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1178,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1179,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1180,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1181,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1182,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1183,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1184,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1185,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1186,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1187,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1188,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1189,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1190,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1191,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1192,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1193,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1194,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1195,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1196,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1197,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1198,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1199,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1200,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1201,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1202,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1203,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1204,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1205,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1206,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1207,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1208,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1209,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1210,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1211,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1212,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1213,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1214,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1215,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1216,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1217,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1218,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1219,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1220,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1221,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1222,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1223,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1224,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1225,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1226,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1227,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1228,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1229,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1230,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1231,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1232,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1233,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1234,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1235,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1236,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1237,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1238,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1239,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1240,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1241,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1242,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1243,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1244,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1245,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1246,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1247,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1248,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1249,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1250,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1251,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1252,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1253,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1254,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1255,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1256,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1257,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1258,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1259,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1260,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1261,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1262,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1263,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1264,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1265,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1266,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1267,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1268,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1269,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1270,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1271,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1272,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1273,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1274,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1275,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1276,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1277,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1278,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1279,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1280,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1281,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1282,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1283,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1284,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1285,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1286,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1287,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1288,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1289,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1290,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1291,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1292,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1293,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1294,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1295,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1296,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1297,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1298,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1299,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1300,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1301,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1302,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1303,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1304,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1305,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1306,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1307,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1308,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1309,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1310,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1311,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1312,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1313,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1314,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1315,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1316,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1317,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1318,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1319,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1320,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1321,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1322,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1323,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1324,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1325,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1326,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1327,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1328,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1329,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1330,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1331,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1332,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1333,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1334,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1335,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1336,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1337,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1338,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1339,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1340,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1341,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1342,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1343,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1344,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1345,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1346,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1347,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1348,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1349,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1350,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1351,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1352,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1353,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1354,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1355,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1356,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1357,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1358,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1359,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1360,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1361,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1362,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1363,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1364,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1365,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1366,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1367,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1368,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1369,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1370,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1371,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1372,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1373,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1374,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1375,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1376,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1377,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1378,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1379,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1380,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1381,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1382,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1383,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1384,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1385,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1386,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1387,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1388,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1389,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1390,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1391,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1392,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1393,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1394,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1395,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1396,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1397,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1398,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1399,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
1958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
1992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
1993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
1998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
1999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2000,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2001,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2002,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2003,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2004,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2005,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2006,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2007,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2008,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2009,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2010,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2011,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2012,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2013,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2014,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2015,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2016,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2017,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2018,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2019,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2020,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2021,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2022,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2023,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2024,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2025,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2026,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2027,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2028,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2029,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2030,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2031,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2032,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2033,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2034,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2035,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2036,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2037,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2038,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2039,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2040,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2041,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2042,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2043,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2044,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2045,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2046,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2047,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2048,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2049,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2050,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2051,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2052,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2053,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2054,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2055,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2056,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2057,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2058,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2059,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2060,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2061,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2062,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2063,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2064,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2065,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2066,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2067,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2068,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2069,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2070,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2071,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2072,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2073,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2074,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2075,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2076,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2077,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2078,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2079,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2080,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2081,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2082,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2083,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2084,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2085,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2086,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2087,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2088,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2089,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2090,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2091,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2092,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2093,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2094,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2095,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2096,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2097,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2098,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2099,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2100,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2101,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2102,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2103,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2104,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2105,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2106,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2107,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2108,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2109,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2110,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2111,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2112,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2113,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2114,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2115,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2116,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2117,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2118,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2119,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2120,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2121,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2122,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2123,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2124,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2125,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2126,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2127,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2128,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2129,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2130,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2131,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2132,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2133,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2134,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2135,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2136,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2137,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2138,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2139,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2140,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2141,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2142,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2143,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2144,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2145,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2146,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2147,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2148,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2149,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2150,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2151,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2152,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2153,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2154,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2155,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2156,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2157,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2158,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2159,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2160,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2161,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2162,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2163,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2164,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2165,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2166,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2167,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2168,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2169,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2170,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2171,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2172,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2173,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2174,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2175,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2176,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2177,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2178,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2179,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2180,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2181,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2182,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2183,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2184,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2185,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2186,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2187,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2188,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2189,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2190,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2191,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2192,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2193,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2194,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2195,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2196,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2197,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2198,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2199,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2200,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2201,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2202,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2203,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2204,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2205,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2206,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2207,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2208,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2209,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2210,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2211,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2212,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2213,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2214,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2215,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2216,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2217,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2218,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2219,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2220,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2221,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2222,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2223,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2224,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2225,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2226,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2227,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2228,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2229,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2230,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2231,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2232,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2233,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2234,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2235,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2236,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2237,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2238,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2239,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2240,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2241,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2242,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2243,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2244,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2245,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2246,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2247,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2248,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2249,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2250,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2251,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2252,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2253,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2254,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2255,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2256,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2257,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2258,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2259,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2260,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2261,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2262,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2263,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2264,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2265,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2266,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2267,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2268,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2269,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2270,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2271,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2272,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2273,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2274,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2275,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2276,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2277,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2278,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2279,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2280,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2281,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2282,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2283,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2284,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2285,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2286,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2287,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2288,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2289,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2290,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2291,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2292,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2293,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2294,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2295,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2296,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2297,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2298,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2299,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2300,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2301,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2302,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2303,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2304,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2305,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2306,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2307,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2308,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2309,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2310,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2311,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2312,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2313,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2314,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2315,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2316,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2317,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2318,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2319,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2320,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2321,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2322,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2323,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2324,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2325,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2326,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2327,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2328,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2329,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2330,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2331,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2332,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2333,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2334,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2335,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2336,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2337,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2338,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2339,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2340,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2341,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2342,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2343,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2344,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2345,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2346,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2347,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2348,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2349,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2350,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2351,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2352,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2353,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2354,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2355,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2356,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2357,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2358,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2359,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2360,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2361,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2362,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2363,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2364,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2365,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2366,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2367,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2368,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2369,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2370,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2371,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2372,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2373,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2374,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2375,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2376,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2377,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2378,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2379,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2380,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2381,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2382,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2383,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2384,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2385,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2386,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2387,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2388,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2389,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2390,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2391,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2392,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2393,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2394,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2395,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2396,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2397,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2398,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2399,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
2958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
2992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
2993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
2998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
2999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3000,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3001,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3002,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3003,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3004,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3005,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3006,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3007,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3008,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3009,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3010,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3011,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3012,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3013,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3014,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3015,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3016,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3017,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3018,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3019,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3020,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3021,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3022,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3023,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3024,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3025,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3026,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3027,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3028,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3029,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3030,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3031,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3032,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3033,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3034,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3035,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3036,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3037,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3038,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3039,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3040,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3041,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3042,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3043,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3044,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3045,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3046,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3047,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3048,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3049,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3050,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3051,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3052,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3053,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3054,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3055,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3056,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3057,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3058,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3059,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3060,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3061,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3062,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3063,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3064,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3065,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3066,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3067,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3068,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3069,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3070,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3071,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3072,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3073,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3074,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3075,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3076,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3077,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3078,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3079,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3080,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3081,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3082,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3083,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3084,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3085,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3086,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3087,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3088,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3089,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3090,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3091,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3092,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3093,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3094,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3095,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3096,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3097,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3098,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3099,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3100,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3101,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3102,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3103,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3104,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3105,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3106,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3107,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3108,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3109,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3110,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3111,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3112,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3113,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3114,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3115,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3116,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3117,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3118,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3119,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3120,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3121,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3122,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3123,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3124,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3125,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3126,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3127,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3128,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3129,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3130,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3131,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3132,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3133,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3134,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3135,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3136,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3137,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3138,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3139,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3140,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3141,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3142,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3143,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3144,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3145,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3146,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3147,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3148,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3149,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3150,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3151,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3152,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3153,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3154,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3155,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3156,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3157,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3158,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3159,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3160,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3161,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3162,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3163,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3164,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3165,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3166,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3167,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3168,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3169,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3170,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3171,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3172,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3173,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3174,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3175,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3176,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3177,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3178,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3179,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3180,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3181,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3182,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3183,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3184,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3185,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3186,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3187,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3188,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3189,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3190,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3191,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3192,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3193,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3194,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3195,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3196,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3197,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3198,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3199,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3200,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3201,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3202,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3203,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3204,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3205,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3206,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3207,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3208,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3209,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3210,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3211,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3212,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3213,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3214,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3215,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3216,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3217,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3218,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3219,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3220,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3221,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3222,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3223,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3224,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3225,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3226,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3227,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3228,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3229,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3230,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3231,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3232,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3233,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3234,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3235,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3236,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3237,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3238,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3239,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3240,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3241,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3242,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3243,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3244,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3245,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3246,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3247,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3248,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3249,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3250,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3251,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3252,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3253,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3254,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3255,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3256,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3257,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3258,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3259,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3260,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3261,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3262,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3263,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3264,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3265,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3266,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3267,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3268,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3269,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3270,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3271,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3272,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3273,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3274,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3275,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3276,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3277,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3278,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3279,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3280,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3281,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3282,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3283,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3284,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3285,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3286,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3287,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3288,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3289,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3290,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3291,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3292,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3293,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3294,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3295,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3296,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3297,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3298,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3299,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3300,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3301,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3302,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3303,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3304,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3305,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3306,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3307,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3308,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3309,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3310,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3311,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3312,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3313,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3314,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3315,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3316,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3317,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3318,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3319,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3320,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3321,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3322,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3323,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3324,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3325,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3326,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3327,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3328,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3329,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3330,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3331,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3332,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3333,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3334,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3335,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3336,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3337,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3338,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3339,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3340,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3341,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3342,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3343,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3344,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3345,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3346,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3347,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3348,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3349,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3350,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3351,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3352,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3353,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3354,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3355,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3356,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3357,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3358,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3359,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3360,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3361,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3362,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3363,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3364,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3365,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3366,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3367,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3368,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3369,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3370,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3371,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3372,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3373,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3374,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3375,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3376,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3377,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3378,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3379,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3380,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3381,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3382,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3383,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3384,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3385,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3386,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3387,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3388,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3389,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3390,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3391,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3392,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3393,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3394,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3395,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3396,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3397,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3398,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3399,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
3958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
3992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
3993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
3998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
3999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4000,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4001,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4002,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4003,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4004,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4005,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4006,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4007,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4008,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4009,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4010,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4011,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4012,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4013,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4014,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4015,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4016,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4017,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4018,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4019,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4020,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4021,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4022,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4023,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4024,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4025,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4026,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4027,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4028,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4029,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4030,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4031,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4032,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4033,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4034,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4035,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4036,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4037,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4038,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4039,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4040,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4041,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4042,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4043,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4044,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4045,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4046,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4047,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4048,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4049,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4050,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4051,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4052,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4053,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4054,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4055,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4056,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4057,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4058,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4059,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4060,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4061,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4062,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4063,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4064,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4065,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4066,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4067,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4068,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4069,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4070,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4071,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4072,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4073,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4074,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4075,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4076,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4077,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4078,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4079,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4080,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4081,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4082,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4083,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4084,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4085,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4086,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4087,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4088,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4089,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4090,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4091,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4092,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4093,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4094,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4095,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4096,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4097,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4098,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4099,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4100,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4101,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4102,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4103,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4104,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4105,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4106,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4107,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4108,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4109,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4110,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4111,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4112,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4113,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4114,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4115,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4116,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4117,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4118,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4119,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4120,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4121,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4122,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4123,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4124,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4125,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4126,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4127,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4128,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4129,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4130,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4131,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4132,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4133,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4134,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4135,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4136,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4137,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4138,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4139,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4140,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4141,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4142,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4143,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4144,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4145,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4146,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4147,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4148,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4149,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4150,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4151,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4152,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4153,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4154,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4155,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4156,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4157,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4158,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4159,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4160,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4161,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4162,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4163,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4164,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4165,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4166,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4167,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4168,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4169,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4170,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4171,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4172,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4173,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4174,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4175,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4176,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4177,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4178,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4179,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4180,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4181,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4182,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4183,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4184,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4185,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4186,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4187,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4188,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4189,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4190,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4191,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4192,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4193,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4194,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4195,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4196,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4197,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4198,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4199,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4200,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4201,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4202,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4203,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4204,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4205,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4206,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4207,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4208,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4209,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4210,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4211,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4212,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4213,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4214,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4215,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4216,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4217,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4218,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4219,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4220,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4221,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4222,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4223,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4224,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4225,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4226,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4227,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4228,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4229,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4230,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4231,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4232,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4233,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4234,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4235,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4236,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4237,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4238,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4239,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4240,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4241,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4242,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4243,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4244,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4245,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4246,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4247,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4248,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4249,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4250,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4251,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4252,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4253,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4254,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4255,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4256,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4257,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4258,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4259,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4260,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4261,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4262,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4263,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4264,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4265,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4266,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4267,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4268,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4269,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4270,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4271,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4272,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4273,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4274,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4275,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4276,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4277,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4278,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4279,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4280,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4281,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4282,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4283,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4284,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4285,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4286,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4287,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4288,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4289,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4290,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4291,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4292,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4293,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4294,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4295,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4296,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4297,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4298,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4299,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4300,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4301,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4302,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4303,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4304,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4305,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4306,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4307,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4308,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4309,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4310,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4311,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4312,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4313,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4314,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4315,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4316,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4317,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4318,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4319,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4320,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4321,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4322,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4323,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4324,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4325,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4326,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4327,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4328,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4329,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4330,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4331,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4332,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4333,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4334,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4335,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4336,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4337,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4338,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4339,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4340,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4341,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4342,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4343,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4344,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4345,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4346,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4347,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4348,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4349,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4350,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4351,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4352,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4353,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4354,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4355,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4356,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4357,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4358,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4359,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4360,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4361,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4362,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4363,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4364,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4365,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4366,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4367,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4368,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4369,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4370,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4371,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4372,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4373,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4374,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4375,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4376,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4377,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4378,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4379,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4380,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4381,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4382,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4383,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4384,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4385,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4386,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4387,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4388,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4389,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4390,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4391,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4392,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4393,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4394,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4395,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4396,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4397,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4398,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4399,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
4958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
4992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
4993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
4998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
4999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5000,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5001,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5002,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5003,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5004,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5005,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5006,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5007,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5008,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5009,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5010,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5011,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5012,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5013,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5014,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5015,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5016,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5017,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5018,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5019,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5020,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5021,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5022,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5023,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5024,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5025,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5026,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5027,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5028,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5029,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5030,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5031,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5032,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5033,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5034,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5035,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5036,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5037,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5038,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5039,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5040,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5041,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5042,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5043,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5044,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5045,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5046,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5047,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5048,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5049,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5050,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5051,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5052,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5053,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5054,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5055,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5056,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5057,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5058,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5059,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5060,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5061,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5062,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5063,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5064,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5065,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5066,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5067,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5068,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5069,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5070,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5071,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5072,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5073,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5074,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5075,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5076,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5077,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5078,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5079,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5080,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5081,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5082,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5083,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5084,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5085,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5086,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5087,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5088,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5089,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5090,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5091,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5092,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5093,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5094,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5095,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5096,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5097,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5098,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5099,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5100,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5101,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5102,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5103,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5104,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5105,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5106,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5107,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5108,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5109,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5110,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5111,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5112,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5113,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5114,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5115,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5116,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5117,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5118,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5119,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5120,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5121,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5122,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5123,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5124,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5125,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5126,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5127,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5128,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5129,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5130,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5131,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5132,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5133,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5134,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5135,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5136,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5137,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5138,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5139,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5140,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5141,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5142,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5143,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5144,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5145,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5146,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5147,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5148,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5149,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5150,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5151,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5152,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5153,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5154,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5155,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5156,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5157,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5158,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5159,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5160,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5161,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5162,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5163,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5164,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5165,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5166,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5167,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5168,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5169,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5170,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5171,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5172,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5173,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5174,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5175,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5176,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5177,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5178,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5179,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5180,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5181,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5182,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5183,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5184,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5185,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5186,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5187,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5188,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5189,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5190,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5191,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5192,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5193,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5194,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5195,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5196,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5197,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5198,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5199,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5200,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5201,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5202,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5203,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5204,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5205,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5206,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5207,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5208,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5209,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5210,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5211,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5212,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5213,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5214,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5215,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5216,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5217,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5218,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5219,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5220,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5221,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5222,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5223,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5224,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5225,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5226,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5227,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5228,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5229,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5230,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5231,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5232,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5233,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5234,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5235,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5236,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5237,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5238,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5239,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5240,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5241,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5242,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5243,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5244,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5245,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5246,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5247,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5248,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5249,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5250,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5251,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5252,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5253,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5254,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5255,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5256,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5257,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5258,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5259,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5260,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5261,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5262,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5263,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5264,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5265,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5266,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5267,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5268,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5269,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5270,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5271,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5272,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5273,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5274,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5275,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5276,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5277,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5278,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5279,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5280,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5281,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5282,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5283,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5284,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5285,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5286,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5287,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5288,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5289,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5290,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5291,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5292,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5293,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5294,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5295,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5296,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5297,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5298,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5299,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5300,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5301,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5302,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5303,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5304,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5305,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5306,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5307,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5308,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5309,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5310,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5311,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5312,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5313,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5314,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5315,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5316,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5317,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5318,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5319,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5320,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5321,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5322,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5323,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5324,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5325,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5326,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5327,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5328,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5329,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5330,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5331,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5332,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5333,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5334,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5335,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5336,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5337,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5338,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5339,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5340,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5341,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5342,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5343,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5344,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5345,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5346,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5347,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5348,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5349,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5350,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5351,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5352,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5353,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5354,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5355,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5356,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5357,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5358,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5359,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5360,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5361,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5362,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5363,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5364,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5365,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5366,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5367,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5368,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5369,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5370,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5371,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5372,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5373,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5374,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5375,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5376,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5377,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5378,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5379,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5380,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5381,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5382,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5383,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5384,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5385,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5386,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5387,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5388,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5389,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5390,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5391,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5392,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5393,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5394,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5395,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5396,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5397,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5398,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5399,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5400,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5401,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5402,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5403,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5404,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5405,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5406,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5407,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5408,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5409,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5410,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5411,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5412,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5413,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5414,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5415,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5416,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5417,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5418,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5419,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5420,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5421,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5422,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5423,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5424,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5425,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5426,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5427,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5428,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5429,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5430,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5431,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5432,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5433,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5434,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5435,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5436,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5437,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5438,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5439,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5440,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5441,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5442,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5443,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5444,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5445,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5446,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5447,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5448,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5449,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5450,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5451,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5452,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5453,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5454,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5455,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5456,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5457,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5458,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5459,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5460,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5461,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5462,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5463,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5464,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5465,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5466,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5467,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5468,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5469,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5470,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5471,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5472,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5473,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5474,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5475,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5476,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5477,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5478,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5479,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5480,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5481,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5482,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5483,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5484,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5485,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5486,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5487,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5488,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5489,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5490,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5491,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5492,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5493,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5494,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5495,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5496,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5497,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5498,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5499,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5500,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5501,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5502,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5503,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5504,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5505,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5506,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5507,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5508,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5509,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5510,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5511,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5512,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5513,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5514,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5515,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5516,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5517,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5518,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5519,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5520,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5521,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5522,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5523,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5524,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5525,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5526,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5527,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5528,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5529,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5530,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5531,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5532,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5533,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5534,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5535,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5536,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5537,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5538,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5539,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5540,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5541,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5542,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5543,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5544,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5545,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5546,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5547,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5548,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5549,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5550,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5551,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5552,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5553,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5554,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5555,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5556,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5557,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5558,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5559,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5560,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5561,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5562,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5563,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5564,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5565,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5566,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5567,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5568,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5569,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5570,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5571,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5572,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5573,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5574,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5575,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5576,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5577,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5578,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5579,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5580,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5581,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5582,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5583,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5584,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5585,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5586,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5587,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5588,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5589,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5590,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5591,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5592,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5593,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5594,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5595,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5596,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5597,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5598,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5599,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5600,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5601,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5602,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5603,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5604,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5605,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5606,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5607,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5608,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5609,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5610,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5611,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5612,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5613,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5614,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5615,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5616,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5617,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5618,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5619,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5620,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5621,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5622,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5623,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5624,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5625,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5626,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5627,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5628,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5629,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5630,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5631,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5632,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5633,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5634,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5635,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5636,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5637,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5638,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5639,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5640,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5641,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5642,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5643,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5644,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5645,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5646,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5647,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5648,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5649,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5650,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5651,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5652,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5653,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5654,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5655,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5656,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5657,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5658,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5659,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5660,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5661,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5662,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5663,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5664,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5665,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5666,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5667,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5668,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5669,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5670,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5671,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5672,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5673,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5674,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5675,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5676,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5677,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5678,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5679,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5680,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5681,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5682,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5683,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5684,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5685,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5686,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5687,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5688,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5689,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5690,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5691,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5692,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5693,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5694,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5695,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5696,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5697,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5698,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5699,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5700,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5701,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5702,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5703,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5704,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5705,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5706,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5707,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5708,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5709,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5710,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5711,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5712,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5713,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5714,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5715,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5716,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5717,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5718,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5719,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5720,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5721,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5722,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5723,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5724,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5725,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5726,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5727,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5728,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5729,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5730,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5731,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5732,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5733,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5734,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5735,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5736,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5737,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5738,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5739,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5740,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5741,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5742,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5743,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5744,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5745,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5746,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5747,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5748,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5749,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5750,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5751,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5752,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5753,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5754,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5755,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5756,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5757,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5758,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5759,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5760,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5761,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5762,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5763,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5764,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5765,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5766,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5767,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5768,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5769,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5770,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5771,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5772,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5773,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5774,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5775,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5776,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5777,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5778,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5779,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5780,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5781,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5782,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5783,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5784,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5785,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5786,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5787,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5788,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5789,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5790,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5791,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5792,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5793,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5794,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5795,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5796,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5797,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5798,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5799,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5800,"The app keeps crashing. It closes suddenly. I thought it was because of my buggy old phone, but now I'm using another phone model and it works well but the app keeps closing. I asked my friends and they told me it also occurs with them. I can't even order. Plus the attendance is the worse. I lost one account because I lost my old phone and the number was gone as well, then I couldn't recover it, I asked for help and the support never came. iFood never did that to me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5801,I pay for the monthly pass... And I am pissed off because it won't connect. And yes I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've turned my phone one and off.... I needed up using Doordash with no problems only it cost me more money because I don't have a pass there. I'd like my 10 bucks back at this point. Uber needs help and no matter who I email I never hear anything back.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5802,"After half a year, the app didn't improve. Application is full of bugs. Even cannot register in the system. A Year ago it didn't accept my email address, half a year ago it did, but didn't show the keyboard for the first name/last name fields. Half a year later (oct 2020) still the same issue. Guys, how is it possible to create such a bad app? Shame",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5803,Worst app. Doesn't even run properly. App tries to connect to server but can't. After half an hour finally connects and asks for address and looks for food and bang no response. Just the same screen with address option. Looks like it is searching for food in Mars that's why there is no food around me. And the same process repeat again and again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5804,"I can't get the app to open when on wifi. I have to take it off wifi on my android in order for it to work. Otherwise I get the same message ""try again"" and no matter how many times you click it , it won't open the app. I have a brand new S20 Ultra and it hasn't worked on my previous android wither.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5805,"App is easy to use but maybe they need to pay the couriers more because on more occasions than I can count. I have wanted to order Starbucks for delivery, sometimes, due to health reasons, I cannot drive all the time. The app will tell me "" no drivers available""!! Also, your application seems to have some Bugs! I was kicked off 5 times after using it for 5 months. Had to reinstall and reset password. Then I believe I was charged 2 times, I just wanted my Starbucks!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5806,"I mean if talking about just the app, it's bad, at least in my case it was. The slow auto updates were bothersome and the inteface was quite buggy. The service is good, but the app still isn't upto the mark yet. Needs more work. It'll do the job, but too many bugs to comsider. Update: It's become even more buggy. The map malfunctions sometimes, the order doesn't show up even after restarting app, and sometimes it constantly asks for rating. Even if you skip or rate it. The app is sometimes very.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5807,"I have used this app for so long with only a few problems here and there and it is pretty easy to navigate. However recently there is always something missing from my order or made incorrectly. I have reported these mistakes to uber and nothing is ever done about it. The other day I spent $26 and only got one item worth $4, of course when I reported this I get no response whatsoever. I'd recommend you just go get your food yourself if you want to have your correct order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5808,This app is either glitchy af and/or their drivers are incompetent. Waited 3 HOURS for food that never came. My card is still showing the authorization for the transaction. Called their customer service line to be told to use the chat option in the app. Guess what? Chat option isn't working either. Will be sticking to Postmates going forward.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5809,"Love the app! I have a issue with Tech support, my phone was recently lost and I wanted my account deactvated , however I couldnt get any assistance (the only way to make changes I needed to access my account thur my phone # which I dont have access to). Hopefully I wont have any problems with unauthorized charges",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5810,"App is confusing and doesn't work most of the time. They change the location of everything all the time so every time you use the app you have to look everywhere to find what you want. The search give an error, they spam notifications all the time. There is no way I will continue to use it",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5811,"Last week or so the app has been having issues actually displaying restaurants, tracking delivery partners accurately, and even having orders go through to the restaurant. As of ten minutes ago I had an order rejected 3 times due to ""internal server error"" and when the app is refreshed it shows a loop of the order getting sent, despite the cancelation notice. Just reupped my eats pass, will not be doing so again. You're a massive company, hire some decent devs.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5812,"Very intuitive to use. However it would be better if a picture of everything that is on offer is posted. And it would be helpful if the volume of containers is also available so people can accurately judge how much to order. Most importantly, the preparation time and delivery time should be shown before placing the order.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5813,"Great service but not impressed with how I'm unable to remove my credit cards from payment options. I've used Uber in the past where some of my credit cards are now expired, for some reason I can't remove them which is frustrating. Now every time I place an order I need to manually change payment option to my new credit card.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5814,"It still doesn't work. Around March/April I was having trouble checking out. There was an error that said my payment didn't go through. No big deal, I just started to use Door Dash instead. MONTHS later I decide to try again and they still haven't fixed that issue. And during that time I switched from iPhone to android so I know my phone wasn't the problem.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5815,"Its pretty good service. I gave it a 4 because I've used couple of gift cards to redeem, and it's always a hassle when I place my order in and ask for a form of payment. I would have to close the app back and forth about 2 times and then it'll proceed with my gift carda.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5816,"Revised - the app won't stop asking me to rate it, even though I asked to be left alone on that matter. I finally rated...and it won't leave me be. The app wouldn't stop ""suggesting"" that I rate it. Its fine. More detail when setting up menu items would help. Basic things, like what flavor of drink. How well the burger is to be cooked, if available. Some restaurants have perfect decision trees, all the options figured. Some not so much, and almost always need to make a call to ask questions.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5817,"Was a great app, but they got greedy. When covid hit I was using this app at least once a day while working from home. I received my orders pretty much on time, everytime. Give or take 5-10 minutes which was fine. Then they introduced the priority delivery option. Now...I've had more orders than not delayed by an hour or so. User beware. Once the restaurant gets the order Uber will not give you a refund.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5818,"It works ok, as long as everything goes smoothly. Alerts are sometimes delayed and out of sequence. Customer service is virtually impossible to access on the app if there is a problem though. Also, sometimes a driver is assigned to your order and then suddenly disappears. As a result, food is sitting getting cold by the time someone else is finally assigned and it arrives.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5819,"I am unable to add a payment method to my account for some unknown reason. When I try, it says my details are incorrect. When I go back to payment methods, it is there but won't let me edit it. When I try to make a purchase, it just tells me something went wrong. I've tried contacting support and they are a complete waste of time. It's a joke how much time I've spent emailing back and forth for them to use auto-generated template responses instead of actually trying to help resolve the issue.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5820,"I've not had many issues with the app and the functions are more thoughtful than, say, DoorDash; however, I'm really not a fan of the last UI update. Oftentimes I'm not really sure what I want and like to scroll through and see what's available in the area, which is now no longer an option. Will probably switch back to DD for more regular use and only use UE when discounted.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5821,"App works ok but if you have a problem help are useless. Help issue gets passed to a new person each time and with mostly the same copy and paste answer. It is like speaking to a robot. So hope you have no issues for once you do the black hole of useless and infuriating 'help' will drive you insane. For a company this size, charging service charges on orders, it is an outrage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5822,"I'm glad it's available, but get frustrated sometimes because it does not allow enough time to make a change to the order to add things and even when we try to tell the store or restaurant to add the additional items to an order in progress, they don't and we end up with two deliveries, two fees etc. When they don't have a requested item they should adjust the receipt accordingly.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5823,"The app is currently slow and showing constant errors...such as the restaurant doesn't get your order. It has happened to me more than once. Also, suddenly your order simply dissapear while its been prepared by the restaurant. I have identified more errors than usual lately",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5824,"The new UI is unintuitive, buggy and in short a visual throw-up. Now I couldn't order from my favorite restaurant nearby because it says it's too far. I wish I could revert to the previous version where everything is much clearer and it works.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5825,"I think this has potential to be a good app but has a LONG way to go. I only used it because I got a gift card for them. Paying them is SO unclear, and took me a painful hour to realize, it's just a bad app, nothing was wrong. The receipt only shows the total. Not any gift cards, etc, and that was no where to be found. I finally had to check with my credit card company to see what my card was charged vs the total on the receipt. HUGE PAIN. I'll be using competitors in the meantime.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5826,"I have a $50 voucher that was sent to me and I have proof. Over 2 weeks later, I can see it, but can't use it. Get error messages online saying my phone number is not attached to my profile but clearly it is. On the app, the voucher doesn't show at all. Weeks of reaching out and support has done NOTHING. Use Doordash instead. I have been using them for years without any issues.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5827,"Need to know where to put each part of the address if not it is read wrongly. This is my first experience and I have become wiser. However have to compliment that I was refunded with much fuss. Kudos for that. Another thing make it simpler when selecting types of food or categories of food. For example if I want cakes, you direct me to a bakery, a cake shop etc bit not to a food shop again. The other apps I am familiar with is just simple. Hence please try to improve on that.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5828,"I don't know why but I was having an issue with the app because I couldn't go beyond the ""select payment method, (using my debit card of course) it kept showing that I couldn't proceed due to pending, banned etc. Only used the app 3 times to purchase food and by the fourthðŸ™„, so yeah it became a pain so I had to use PayPal and everything was all good. If it wasn't for that set back I don't know why I would have rated the app 5 stars for sure.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5829,Something is wrong with the app. Doesn't notify when couriers arrive or move through different parts of the delivery. Will not show current orders sometimes unless I completely close the app and reopen. Makes tracking hard and leads to food being left longer than it should because I was never notified it arrived.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5830,"This is the only food delivery app I've used so far and its not bad at all. The app works well most of the time. Also I've never had any issues getting refunds for incomplete orders, or coupons for very late deliveries. They take forever to do it but when once I email CS, the money is usually back in my account in a couple days. But then again I try to be patient with them because I know that almost everyone and their mom uses their app.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5831,"Its good all things considered, I am currently a gold member, their services are reliable and drivers are always great, however there are sometimes issues with getting orders correctly and even missing items on multiple ocassions, however I still continue to use the app because those moments are not happening too often to be a nuisance!! Overall a good app with a few issues!!!",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5832,"I got a promo email from my friend and I just tried to use it. The app won't even load, and I can't find a single place to contact support. Two different numbers had automated messages saying they're not offering support. This is the first time I've ever tried Uber and I'm never making that mistake again.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5833,I find this app very helpful and easy to use. Great way to find an order food. Far better then the competition. You can track the delivery of your food with any problems. The only thing I could complain about is some of the price for delivery cause with some of them being so high I reduced the size of my order because I'm on a fixed income so I have find ways to save money an if that means I order less because of the delivery cost that means the place im ordering from is losing out on money,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5834,"Update: they fixed problem with my account randomly after 1 month. I wasn't even notified when it really happened. It's good when it works. Otherwise you might be stuck in limbo with support desk for awhile. Very sad, since the price of its service often ends up half the price of order.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5835,"This used to be a decent app before but now they have ridiculously high delivery fees, taxes, service fees and inspite of multiple extra fees, there's no customer support inside the app. If you try to reach a human customer service person from inside the app, you can't. There's no option available to contact or chat with an agent. Every food or grocery delivery app has customer support except this stupid app. If you want to order food, there are multiple apps. Go for any of them except this one",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5836,"I think the app is amazing. Quick, efficient and simple to use. I think we should able to text the restaurants. You need to ensure the quality control of restaurants, if I get old and dry food that I cannot eat, I deserve all my money back. I've had to throw out food on more than 2 occasions. The restaurants blame the drivers and uber, Uber does nothing. All these restaurants need to be held accountable. Do not order Debonairs here, more specifically Debonairs Braamfotein.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5837,"Terrible app. It took 30 minutes to replace a lost credit card with the new one. While tech services responded quickly, they didn't seem to understand the problem or how to correct it. Further, they add a Service Fee, a Delivery Fee and then ask for a TIP of 15%. Too many surcharges. I would have picked it myself if I was aware of the surcharges before placing the order. Fyi, the delivery itself was excellent and on time. I will delete app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5838,"Pretty good app overall. Easy to use and navigate. My one issue was being constantly redirected while trying to issue a complaint about an order I didn't receive - unfortunately, there's no number to call, it's via a chat in-app, (which was frustrating for me at first), reminded me of pressing 10 different options on a 1-800 number before finally getting through to an agent OR getting re-routed to main menu). I feel like there should be an option to call or directly go to a chat with your issue",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5839,"The app is stuck on the loading screen. I've updated it, restarted my Samsung S20 Ultra so I know it's not my phone and reinstalled it. Also my friend received four 75% off vouchers. While I have nothing. I love Uber and all that they stand for. I just don't feel like this app is being fair to me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5840,"Very bad experience, put one order and the app did not take it, then I received a notification from my bank telling me that the same transaction was sent 12 times, had to wait 72 hours to have the charges reversed (3 first orders) for some reason the app never reminds you of pending tips or pending closing of previous orders, today I tipped a driver who delivered my food 4 weeks ago, I hope the money gets to her, also their way to qualify their drivers I think is very unfair.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5841,"App gives me errors at the very end when I enter my entire order, this is.on multiple restaurants too!!! It will tell me that there is an error with an item (doesn't say which), and my options are removing it or replacing it. But, again, this only happens when I get to check out, and it's not that it's not available because the app disables unavailable options. I finally used the store's page and had 0 problems ordering...",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5842,"It's easy enough to use, however on some restaurants it doesn't have the full menu as you would find using a laptop or desktop comp. Also the pick up and delivery isn't that accurate, not all the time atleast it can be very laggy. It's improving tho from what it used to be so it's a sign that they are atleast working on this app, keep up the great work I'm sure on no time this app will be close to perfection. I will revise my review then.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5843,I have ordered from this app faithfully for the last two years at least. The delivery charges was reasonable until recently. All delivery is 5.00 and up which they try to force you to buy the pass and points accumulates very slowly. I recently switched to Door dash for the last couple of months and they delivery vary from .99 and up. Also double the restaurants and great deals. I just paid 1.99 for a delivery and Uber has same restaurant 5.49 delivery. I decided not to use ubereats.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5844,"App does not work well. Half of the images will not load, requiring to have the website open as well. Worst part is that I can't tip the delivery guy, as the app keeps giving errors whenever I tap ""add tip"". Even tried restarting the app multiple times, tried to add a tip via the website and to contact any support, without luck. Tips seem to be broken. Fix this asap such that your employees get the money they deserve.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5845,"Frequently when I try to order it now says ""server error"". If I close and reopen the app sometimes the order will go through, and then cancel a few minutes later. I don't know why it isn't working anymore. There's no way to email them for support so I just cancelled the eats pass and uninstalled.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5846,Super convenient! A while ago I accidentally ordered to the wrong address too (completely different state) and they let me cancel since I realised in the first 30 seconds which was great. I probably use this twice a week now at least and I've never had a bad experience after about 100 orders!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5847,"Super convenient option when I forget to take something out of the freezer, or when it's been an especially crazy day. Most of the time the food is great & ALWAYS the delivery person is amazing. They're on time, friendly, helpful, polite, I could go on & on. Basically all of the positive things that can be said about a delivery person. Y'all are stupendous!!! ~ Christy",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5848,Just awful. I've tried several times to order food at different times and it won't accept any of my cards. There is nothing wrong with my cards yet I keep getting the same message that something went wrong and the app never identifies the problem or how to correct. What good is initial sign up promo that expires soon if I can't use the app?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5849,Using in a major market city (Philadelphia). The interface is clunky. The refinements offer little improvement in actually refining the search results. Food trucks listed as $$$$. One $ difference between Popeye's Chicken and Ruth Chris Steakhouse? Even with promotional discounts towards food purchases this app isn't worth the headache.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5850,This app is freaking ridiculous. I got a gift card from a friend and applied it to my account. Computer wont let me order because my account doesn't have a phone number. I download the app to add the phone number and it won't let me sign in. Instead I just get an error saying that my email is in use. Well duh! Let me enter the password so I can sign in!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5851,"Terrible . No bots problem or anything, because no one picks up. I just got all these phone number listed on the site and appearantly it's with another account . I tried my best to change it and your phone number does not work for On, CA. Like everyone else's.. Get this app off the play store, playstore deserves better .Horrible Horrible Horrible. And I put the effort into writing this; wait till I hit you guys with a case that's going to make all of your know your place. Do not write an apol..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5852,Good app but it's expensive. The service fees and delivery fees make me pay 30% more and I don't feel it's worth it because the places are all near me. It's way less expensive to call the restaurant and pick the food myself (it's near so not a big deal). If uber eats would let me pick restaurant that are farer then maybe I will see the worth.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5853,"Glitchy, does not let me use my credits. Visual display on a pixel so pure Android experience is too crowded. Delivery instructions screen cannot be scrolled to see everything entered. Needs work. Obviously paid listings scream at you visually. Organized like TV ads one after another.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5854,I hate it when apps have constant pop ups asking me to review them. Inconvenient and takes away from the app as a whole when you're trying to utilize it. I hit a glitch and the pop up won't go away. So here's your review,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5855,I tried using this for the first time and it wont even let me get passed the verify card screen but this is my first time even trying the app. Its very frustrating if you ask me. I probably wont ever try using this again.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5856,"Easy to use app. Biggest concern is that uber eats does not verify your order at the restaurant. So when food items are missing, all you can do is give feedback on it. No refunds. No record keeping of it so you can get credit on your next order at the restaurant. No option to contact restaurant directly on app.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5857,"My credit card has a debit on October 29th 2020 by UBER SYDNEY NSW it's not even the State I live in, its for an order that I did NOT place , Ive contacted ""help"" to no avail I'm so disappointed; also the app has a glitch, when one wants to reschedule the delivery date when trying to complete an order, the icon will NOT open and the aforesaid order is del ivered immediately , Ive had to cancel many orders because of it NOT GOOD ENOUGH",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5858,The actual app is Brilliant and would deserve 5 stars plus. But if there is any problem you get ZERO customer service. It's impossible to get to talk to anyone. ATM I'm trying to get them to refund me Â£48 for an order. All I've got is some generic messages probably generated by a faceless bot somewhere.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5859,"I love that it is easily accessible for most foods that I like. It is upsetting that the restaurants can decide to give you a soft drink you do not drink and there isn't much you can do. Perhaps restaurants need to read their orders correctly or the app needs to make sure about the drink orders. Coke has caffeine, people like me can't drink it so we rely on the app and restaurants doing their part.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5860,"The interface does not allow you to type your thoughts .. only to choose from their unhelpful ""pre-selected"" questions with vague general answers with no illustrations. We need human interaction so we can have our questions answered. A phone number.. anything. Totally defeats the ""help"" choice",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5861,It has its ups and downs. Lots of glitches lately I've noticed. Keeps asking me to rate it...I keep eating it but it keeps asking me. App is quite annoying but it gets me food late at night. I keep getting asked to review the app...every time I order I'm asked to review. Stooooop!,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5862,"I love the app, when ever I want to order the food, I use uber and list of food package and just order, I don't care how much time it takes to deliver the food but if the food is really good and I recommend everyone to use this app and keep ordering till you die.. what's up party people......... yaaaaah!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5863,"Credits taken and still charged in full on my card for an order. No option to cancel or update the payment methods on the app. Selecting the options within the help section doesn't help, and just leads you on a loop through different support pages. Then chat support provides automated responses and when you talk to someone they advise they can't help and to call the support line, of which there is no option to do in the app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5864,"The app was fairly easy to use and I loved the selection of restaurants & foods, but I was overcharged by almost $9! The help & support options were no help at all after a full 2 weeks of trying. I've given up & am uninstalling & will not use again. The fees are ridiculously high anyways.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5865,"Just went through the account setup process, including all my personal info, only to be told ""coming soon"". Worse, there is no way to see my account info, let alone delete it, or do anything really other than confirm some order details??? This is a poorly designed app. If you're not in my city, at least let me delete my account so I know my info is off your servers until such a time that I can use your service... this is not cool",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5866,"The worst app that exists! I have changed my phone number, now I cannot login into my account cause it only takes phone number. The worst part is the support which is not responsive at all and I cannot use my app or the website to order anything! Also, I didn't enabled the two step verification at all!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5867,This is a terrible app! I got the Uber pass and have ordered several times and 9 times out of 10 there was an issue. Once I finally found a phone number they said they are not taking support calls and hung up! Then when I put it through the help portion they said they would give me a credit and never did! This is the worst customer service ever!!!!!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5868,I used it for quite a long time. Last week I got charged double because the promotion got ignored when charging me. Customer support pretty much doesn't care and after a while just keeps sending copy paste messages telling me there's nothing they can do. I honestly am quite disappointed and pretty much done with this company,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5869,"Used to love this app, but recently had an experience that will make me never use the service again. I ordered a delivery and accidentally put in the wrong address and immediately tried to change it but ended up being charged for a delivery I never received after changing address immediately. Then had customer service hang up on me twice.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5870,"This app sucks, customer support is no help at all. They say they have a live chat but its an automated message and no option to speak to a supervisor or to call. The number online doesn't work. If the app commits an error and YOU don't fix the issue YOURSELF within 5 MINUTES you will be charged full price for your canceled order.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5871,"The tracking part glitches pretty often. Screens go blank, the map freezes. Also, the constant pestering to rate the app every single time I click ""Track""! Hoping that will stop now that I've done that.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5872,"Its great, easy to use. Its a hit n miss with drivers. Some give you food while talking on the phone to someone else and don't talk to you. Others are on the ball and don't need help finding the place.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5873,"I like this app quite a bit, especially since Uber blends well with my Amex membership. The app does suffer from minor glitches from time to time, but all in all it functions well.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5874,Does even work. Put phone# and supposed to send a sms but nothing. Stupid click bait garbage app. Edit. I got the app working and was able to order. Extra fees tips and etc. Sure that is fine. Subscribed to free delivery and stuff and after my first order app is stuck on 2 pages. One for my address and one for map as if i am about to order something. There is back button that takes me back and forth on those two pages. Now i cant even unsub. Which makes it still garbage app. Would give 0 i can,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5875,"App is fine and food choices are excellent, only rated three stars as it is flawed when there is an issue. Ordered food from a well known establishment but when it arrived not all the items were included. I would have noticed if I got it & sorted there and then. When I raised an issue through the app they said it will take up to 24 hours for a refund of the missing items only. We didn't want a refund we wanted hour food so I had to go back anyway. Who is responsible the driver or Mackies?",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5876,Ordering and looking for food is fine. The issue is setting a primary payment method and being able to change it because I don't seem to be able to. Removing a card is annoying as I'm stuck loading or getting an error and I can't even tap cancel (when it's stuck loading). I tried changing my payment when ordering and it didn't really update on the screen.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5877,"The app did not allow me to use a gift card I had added into the app before I ordered. During the order it gave impression my gift card funds would be used along with my credit card info. Yet, when I checked the receipt I realized it was not deducted. There is nothing that i can see in under help for support that I can address this to have corrected. Outside the app I visited the website and tried calling. Dead end! I will never use this app again. It is not for me.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5878,There was a long period after I signed up that I could not log into UberEats. It kept asking for a phone number and setting up account. After some time of waiting (several months) I was able to log in. Then I ordered something and had to put in a payment. Payment entry screen was black background and black text so I had no way of knowing if I put in the correct credit card info. So I scanned card and upon checking out payment could not be verified. Even though information was right.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5879,"I've been using uber eats for over a year. Despite couple of bugs every now and then, the app is easy to navigate. The restaurants let you know if they're short on anything then allow you to choose something else. Delivery men are polite and nice. I like that you can change the tip amount after the delievery. To sum up, I've had the best experience with uber eats compared to other apps of this kind.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5880,"Just tried to order only to have the app tell me my selected location was too far from the restaurant. I pick another restaurant, get my order together, and now the app does nothing when I click to finish the order. So I go get on my laptop to try that way (previously was on my phone). And on my laptop, the website tells me I don't have a mobile number associated with my account, and I should DL the app. We ended up using a different food delivery svc.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5881,I am a 20 year cable TV system repair tech. I have tried for the life of me can't get your damn app to put my correct address in. You have a place to type it in but it won't save. You have to search which GPS uses the old apt private street name but that doesn't show on GPS fur address look up. Change your app to include type in address also,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5882,"The menus and the flow of the app is great, thought it lacks is options, or those options are not intuitive... For me the biggest issue is in the cart! Edit cart is not straight ahead, normally I need to shutdown the app, reopen it, clear the cart and reorder with the changes I wanted! There is also some menus I feel hard to complete, e.g. if a restaurant offers free drinks, normally I don't have the option to choose the same two drinks, instead I have to order different drinks, etc.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5883,"First time I installed app earlier this week on S7 mobile, it worked well. I found experience of watching first order in progress reliable and cool. A couple of days ago, however, anytime I want to open WhatsApp, UberEats decides it wants to open too, along with the homepage on Chrome! App doesn't have these permissions whatsoever! I check Play store and install latest update. Seems to fix this 'sentient' app behaviour. Lo and behold, this evening, I open WhatsApp and suddenly UberEats opens!!",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5884,"I won't say I've never had an issue with the app. But I will say that any issue I do have for the most part is quickly resolved. I use uber alot, for rides, bikes, and food and the few times I do have a complaint uber support has been nothing but helpful. I used to use posrmates, door dash, grub hub, and all that stuff but uber has one monthly fee and their couriers have MUCH better customer service. They've added many more restaurants and there are so many options to choose from. Love it!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5885,"Very bad at tracking issues with orders and needs the user to actively give feedback to inform about obvious problems which should be auto detected and makes it even more frustrating when I have to report that yes, there was a problem, the order took 2 hours to update status and tell me it was cancelled. And then it asks me to rate the support experience. This is not a new issue, I stopped using this a year ago because of the same problem and it's still there.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5886,"I like using the app for the most part. I wish it was more clear to restaurants that I really do NOT want plastic cutlery, straws and napkins added. The button is useless. They add them regardless and I always need to write a note.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5887,"Used this for a work credit and don't think I'd ever use it again. App is slow and clunky _and_ on top of it I got server errors causing my orders to fail. Just imagine slowly clicking through screens, ten seconds each time, going past multiple upsell sections and getting an error on your order.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5888,"I like this app, especially with the eats pass, because they have a lot of promos that other companies don't seem to do anymore. my only issue is that their customer service can sometimes be very unhelpful",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5889,"Updated: We have a problem most times I use this app - missing items, big delays, etc. But they give out discounts regularly and almost always take action to rectify the problem (usually a part refund), so it is fine as long as you accept the extra hassle of using this over other services. The delivery people are usually nice, at least.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5890,"Nearly useless to me. I find restaurants through Google and if you try to click through order through Uber eats the app tells you the restaurant is too far away despite my current location. Also, it takes about 5 minutes to switch to pick up rather than delivery. Finding a restaurant for pick up is impossible cause you have to use the map. There's no list view. It's gotten to the point that I'd rather call a restaurant that order through Uber eats, particularly for pick up.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5891,"App works fine but the service has been slipping over the past few months. Delayed orders, poor communication, no drivers to pick up orders. I live in a busy area, but there were never issues before. Now, we add 30-45 minutes to our predicted order time because we know there will be some sort of issue. Likely going to switch food courrier services soon.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5892,I would have given 5* if there was anyway of contacting Uber Support like call or chat. It is very annoying not be able to communicate. Sometimes we have issues other than the ones listed under Help which go unsolved.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5893,"Worst UI. This app is so basic, you can't even specify different options for buy 1 get 1 free. Specials banner shows within a specific food item, but actually applies to all mains. How many struggling restaurants have lost orders due to this lazy rushed unsophisticated design.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5894,Great app. Will be helpful if restaurants don't send utensils when not asked for it. The help function is not that helpful. I eventually found a place where I could add my own query but it was a mission. It also doesn't seem to be possible to change a rating for the delivery person once he has been rated. That would be helpful.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5895,"EDIT: the app keeps crashing and I'm having a harder time logging in even with a newer phone. I took my 4 stars down to 1 star because of it. I thought it was just me, but i can see after reading the reviews that it's not.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5896,The app interface is really good and easy to search and order. Area of improvement: Estimated order time to delivery is need lot of improvement. Currently the order varies byore than 90-120mins. Service fees is little higher. The restaurants are maybe increasing the item price in Uber when compared to price they show in their website or you call and order them directly.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5897,"Terrible app. I can't put my address so each time I order something I have to call the driver, because messaging submits the message hours later. So, the only good is the delivery tracking, so I can wait for the delivery outside. Ordering is a disaster, accessing the basket is a maze, in fact I order through the website. Why don't you just copy any of the other successful apps out there?",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5898,"Great app and easy to use. Sometimes restaurants have a glitch where ubereats thinks I'm in a different location so it won't allow me to order from my local restaurants but for the most part, I get good service and there are lots of options to choose from.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5899,Great app to get food and the worst when something goes wrong. We ordered a meal from Steers which took forever to arrive. When we finally opened the package the food was ice cold and the burgers were broken appart and almost deconstructed. Reported it through the app and not a single response.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5900,"About 6 months of using this app, it frequently crashes down and will not even alert me if my food delivery has arrived. Right now (1 Nov) the app won't open at and keeps ""loading"" and ""trouble connecting"" fix your app!!!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5901,"The app is super glitchy or your service is just trash. Whenever I try to order a scheduled meal, the app will tell me the items I chose are unavailable. I cant use my phone at work so I don't get time to order food right when I need it. This gotta be fixed.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5902,"Sometime have issues logging in and not sure why because then a few days later I can log in perfectly fine. Other thing to be careful about is tipping. You tip at checkout and if you're not careful, it'll ask you again when rating the driver if you want to tip and will charge you once again.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5903,Just had cold food delivered.ðŸ˜¡ Had email to ask me to rate my order but when I click on the link I get taken to an order page tbh I find the app very counterintuitive and not easy to navigate and I have used it about 4 times so not complete novice - and now cold food - we run restaurant to complain that they said the food was piping hot when the uber driver left,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5904,"Promotions just don't work. Says the app is experiencing 'unusually high traffic'. Doesn't matter what time of day it is that's always the excuse. Its either bugged or a scam to tempt you away from competitors. Customer service is equally terrible as other reviews will show. Ubereats charge more for delivery but do nothing to warrant the extra cost, use justeat or just go to the restaurant.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5905,New* The support is horrible and honestly they dont even read what you type in support chat and for 2 day i keep sending message to support and they keep trying to close it and or didn't even answer... i have all the screen shots.... i originally give the app 5 start but they changed my mind to 1 star...,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5906,Surprisingly confusing and hard to navigate for such a big company's App. Also seems prone to not loading some options. Should be easier to tailor ordering instructions - watch out as it's easy to accidentally repeat the instructions from previous order. Also doesn't tell me how far away my order/driver is as you might expect.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5907,"Support for this app was terrible before, and now it's just downright non-existent. Currently been waiting for an order for over an hour, and it's impossible to cancel or speak to anyone about this. The restaurant is now closed. Saving a buck by using this app over Skip the Dishes or other competitors is simply not worth the headache it causes.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5908,"Decent app. I've never had any serious issues with it except when I need to contact a restaurant or UberEats Support. It's not easy to do so. That's the only lacking feature of the app. Aside from that, UberEats app is a clean, efficient, easy-to-use, intuitive and effective application.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5909,Easy to use app. Well laid out and so easy to understand. All information that you could ever need is on here. How to edit your preferences or profile. How to update email or contact number. Very straight forward and accurate.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5910,"Reliable, great UX, love the visuals of where the order is in live time and seeing the delivery person moving on the route. Love the ease of navigation on the app as it's so simple and clear. No concerns with data security unlike one of your major competitors. Just a really great app and business!! â¤ï¸",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5911,"Although this service is better than most. They are still pretty bad, if you reach platinum you get a price fix for uber but that price will be fixed even if its cheaper without. Something they don't mention to you. Also their tracker has gotten terrible, randomly moving the driver and its refresh rate is way too long. And don't get me started on how it won't notify you that your order has arrived unless you are on the app. And even then you need to wait for it to refresh. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5912,"I'm editing my review again having previously given it 5 stars... Uber support is not always upto standard. I have had many items missing from my order on many occasions. I want a refund but Reporting this recently is becoming increasingly difficult. I thinks after the latest app update, the level of support has gone really down. Please fix this Uber! Don't forget, you have alot of competition and will lose customers like me who rely heavily on home deliveries....There are also too many charges",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5913,"Nothing wrong with the service, though the app itself randomly stopped notifying me when my food has arrived at the door. Unless I check my phone constantly, I'm usually greeted to cold food at the door. Tried re installing the app a few times and no changes. I've checked its permissions as well.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5914,Couldn't even log into my account. I deleted the app before because everything was expensive. They have me a coupon to get me to come back. But they wanted me to create a new account. No option to log into my old one and when I tried to use my email it said it already existed. Useless programers.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5915,"Uber Eats started out well but recently whenever I try and use it it takes ages to load anything and, whenever I want to edit something, it refuses to load back to the item. I have to force stop and clear cache so the app actually works. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it, restarted my phone, and done the basic trouble shooting and it still doesn't help.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5916,I like to use it on occasion. It gets expensive if you use it too much. But it's good when you're in a pinch. If you order from too far it may be a bit cooler by the time it gets to you. So I recommend ordering from somewhere closer to home.. Or wherever you are. It's nice to have. Plus they have an option to have it left on your door step so there's no contact.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5917,Experince be good for the most part. However; some restaurants forget some/half of your order; which is very frustrating when you have your mind set on it. The app comes in handy when you dont feel like cooking.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5918,"Seems to work fine for me thus far,, not had any technical issues though. The ""hidden fees"" when ordering are a bit painful though, but you get what you pay for I suppose.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5919,"Great app if you dont want to lose your precious parking spot during obscure hours. (Especially during the cold or rainy weather.) Also, this app saves you the trouble of physically waiting on long lines to order & recieve your food. Well worth the price, Its like having a Butler on wheels!",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5920,"The app is horrible. Orders confirm and says it's being prepped, but then after waiting over an hour for the food to come, it then says no one available to pick up and cancels the order, leaving you stranded thinking where to get food from. Also app is glitching and not showing orders in history for tracking but sends messages that people are going to get it.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5921,The app is great for connecting to a restaurant and delivering however the Customer Service sucks once they have deemed there has been too many reported mistakes. You will not be refunded if your order is incorrect or missing an item. Its happened to me several times. Even with proof they will not look into the claim or even have a human respond.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5922,This app sucks ass. They dont update the app that match the restaurants deals so you overpay for your food. On top of that you have to pay for delivery fee plus the wait time to get your food. There is an option to pay extra to get your food quicky but it will cost you $2. I paid the $2 and still took 1 hour for my food to get to me. Its not like i was ordering from a play far away. Burger king was only 10 min away from me.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5923,"I will change my review score once the issue is resolved. On both my android phone and my partner's iPhone the app no longer displays pictures for the restaurant when browsing, it is super frustrating. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this app.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5924,"Crappy interface that should allow you to create a profile but nope, I guess if you ever had a phone number that ever belong to someone else then your screwed. Them being dumb with the app makes their stupid high delivery fee's not worth it because they aren't obviously using the money for good.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5925,"Great app, often has offers running and has contracts with lots of my favourite restaurants. The one downside is, recently there have often been times where no Uber eats couriers are available, which means a lot of my favourites are suddenly off the menu - however, I understand you're doing the best you can :)",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5926,"You don't provide enough characters to get my full, highly amusing experience, but I've never used this app before, have had my phone number for 15 years minimum but apparently there's an account registered to it that's not my email and there's no way I can fix it. Only got one star cos I can't give less",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5927,"Please fix the order tracking! after one of the recent updates , the tracker isnt working anymore. The driver will get here with my order but in the app it shows they are still by the restaurant. Please fix this! Other than that it's a good app. Much better than GrubHub and seamless that's for sure. Also my issues with any order was resolved very quickly and properly unlike on the other apps",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5928,It's a good app just needs to allow you to have more options as far as picking ur food like chipotle for example you cant ask for extra rice like you could on chipotles app & this goes for anything you order from any restaurant. I think the options for you to pick what you want to add or put on the side qould be much more beneficial to everyone iv personally not ordered some times because i didn't have those options,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5929,For the most part its ok but for a lot of places not everything on the menu is available ..example..Mc donalds...when ordering breakfast and getting a meal theres no option to change your drink to a smoothie or Apple juice. Theres also nowhere to leave a note which is frustrating.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5930,"Nothing special, but it's ok as long as you don't run into trouble. I made an order and it turned out the restaurant closed before preparing any food. Now getting help from Uber is very tricky. In the app there is only help regarding how to use the app. In one answer you can find a phone number, call it and a pre-recorded voice will provide help... regarding how to use the app ðŸ¤¦ Anyhow, if you manage to press the right button you will be able to talk to someone. In India. Gaaaah. Another order",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5931,"Eally don't know. Can't even login. 1st thing ""link to uber account"" 2nd ""enter email"". Result, can't log in because email already exists. Ontop of that, using their non app site I can't even find out what restaurants are in my area without ordering. Yet again, another limited or useless Mobil app & non app site.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5932,"Why is there no option to add a phone number to my existing account from this app or from the website? I make an order from the website, but it says no mobile number attached to account, order from the app. I download the app, enter my number and email address, and then it says the email account is already registered and I can't proceed. Goodbye Uber, I hope prop 22 doesn't pass.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5933,"No ones perfect! I've used the app a few times. It has its glitches, works well otherwise. Note to uber: research the area, get analysis before launching. If you dot have adequate resources (drivers) shut it down so people don't have to wait hours, then find out foods not coming.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5934,"I've had a terrible experience dealing with bugs on this app. Sometimes it won't let me insert my address, sometimes it'll change my address on me, sometimes it'll cancel an order with an error message after many minutes passed, and I've even had it change from pickup to delivery spontaneously after I walked to the restaurant. The fact that Uber has some of the highest paid software engineers, just shows that their interview process must be garbage. Because their android engineers are garbage.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5935,I don't like the fact that we get 3 different charges for one order and in total it comes to 4 transactions (if there were no mistakes made) on our bank account. This is very inconvenient for someone who has limited transactions on their Bank account! Otherwise I like the app,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5936,There is no way to contact live support when you need immediate help. And the help function on the app does not actually have the information that I was looking for which is why it would have been nice to have someone who could have solved my problem. I would rate this a zero if I could based on the level of frustration that I have had in dealing with them previously and by opening up a new account again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5937,"3 stars because while I acknowledge the app works and is convenient I am annoyed and unimpressed with all the various fees and will use Mr D going forward. That ""service charge"" is BS and they know it which is why you can't find a clear description of what it is or who it goes to. No thank you.",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5938,"Every restaurant is either closed or unavailable. When I finally find one it says ""no couriers nearby"" which makes ordering impossible. Very counterproductive because there might be a courier when the restaurant is finished with the order. I'm also unable to order alcoholic beverages. Please remove it and fix the app because at this point it's unless.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5939,I've been having trouble with just opening the app. I keep on getting an error message stating that you are having trouble connecting and I should try later. It just doesn't seem to work! It's super frustrating please fix this problem!,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5940,"Awful, slows the phone down, place order button pressed, returned me to home screen. Went back through checkout, press order button and nothing happens. Had to close app and after getting through to place the order all seemed OK... Until the order arrived. I got someone else's which was really similar. Even the email said it was delivered to a different address. My guess, not the restaurant or delivery fault. Likely a system issue given how rubbish the app is.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5941,"App seems to be consistently buggy getting started up. Once in and it has detected your location is ok, but frequently won't start up properly. Have been giving up and using other apps like Menulog at times",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5942,"Rubbish. Just keeps asking for my phone number but then won't let me enter it! Finally managed to get in and surprise, surprise, they don't cover where I live. Looks like you need to be in a big city... Uninstalling and will never be using it again",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5943,I'm not sure if they make it intentionally difficult for you to get a simple email address to be able to get help with your account but I've been on the help website for half an hour along with the app trying to get assistance and every time I just get redirected to their useless help page. Who am I supposed to contact for help?,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5944,"Its a good app, you can find basically anything, and a lot of promotions! sometimes better than in restaurants, they give you the chance to save money picking up your order if you're close by. I recomend it without a doubt",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5945,"App does as described. Only issue is when the entrance to the house is not what is shown on the map, drivers will sometimes not read the additional information on dropoff.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5946,Slow and gave me problems when using the integrated one with Google maps. Was essentially worthless since it couldn't update payment info properly and then said everything in the cart was no longer available causing me to miss out on ordering.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5947,I was deciding what I would eat for dinner and used the uber eats app to help me decide. The app contains several restaurants to choose from and that is what I like most. The app is beginner friendly for those that are afraid of the computer keyboard. I decided to order Jamaican and the food and prices were reasonable. Last but not least the food was exquisite and the delivery driver was kind and courteous,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5948,"I use this app alot. It's kind of a waste of money in most aspects but that is not the apps fault, the app works just as intended. I would say if you're short on cash you're better off going to grab your food. But this is amazing if you're needing food serotonin and don't want to move.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5949,Asked uber to delete my account so I could register to get in. Waited months. Just tried again and my old details are still registered. Uber should not have my info! I finally log in using a new account and try to redeem a special offer only to see that my order has gone through while I'm reviewing my offers. So I've had zero discount and money taken before I could select the offer. Cant cancel cos they're already making the food. What a joke I'm deleting this app and never using it again,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5950,It would be great if I could get food from a place 4.5 miles away but apparently that's too far away! Funny the the place UE recommend is almost 8 miles from my work. That's close enough somehow. This app is frustrating not convenient at all. At least the I can order and pick up from my preferred spot.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5951,I had problems with the app while entering my address. The app would not indicate what the problem was. I figured it out after 10 mins. I still don't know what I did wrong. Oh and my driver. We use Lyft pretty much every week and its the 1st time using uber and the driver got lost.,Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5952,Apparently my email address isnt recognised to my mobile number ..... even when ive had the same number for the last decade and only have the one email address. Be great if i could even get the app to login.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5953,Love everything about this app much better than DoorDash and Postmates. You can edit your tip after delivery and if something is missing or isn't right they'll refund you the amount of the item. Their drivers are always nice and will put the food by your door. The app is good because you can track the driver and make your order priority.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5954,"Convenient, but the menus are very buggy. Constantly opens and closes even if the app is closed. Flashes between different screens seemingly randomly after order confirmations for reviews. Will force itself open over other apps and causes many misclicks.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5955,"Since the app changed its user interface, it takes so long to load menu options (often returning a ""connection error"") that it turns the use of the app into a patience and endurance exercise. That is really annoying!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5956,Love it! So convenient for those times when I'm too busy or just dont feel like cooking! The delivery drivers are very professional and are on time 9 times out of 10. Would definitely recommend this app to others.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5957,"The app is useful but options are limited as there is frequently no way to request something as simple as ""no mayonnaise"" when ordering so I will not order from most restaurants that are not just ""pizza"", for example. If this was changed I would rate 5 stars",Rated 3 stars out of five stars
5958,"The app is fantastic and I appreciate the tracking portion, especially since I often order for large groups while still working. My only complaint is that navigating through the application is sometimes difficult.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5959,"Responds when order is missing something, incorrect. Gives promos from drivers when you respect them. ðŸ¥° I'm enjoying it so far. Although I do wish you could get more for small sum of points. Might actually help motivate to use app more often. Like 25 points gets free drink or something like that.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5960,"Really convenient and fun to use. I can't stop looking at the food. ðŸ˜‚. But sometimes it's buggy - when the restaurant is not opened yet, I can't look at the menu because it tells me I'm too far away, which I'm not",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5961,"Beware of this app as I appear to have an unauthorized payment taken. I'm not saying that It is Ubers fault, however I don't think they are being supportive in terms of helping me find out how it could have happened? I've cancelled my card now which is the most obvious step that I've taken however giving me hints and tips on how to prevent this from happening again or suggestions on how this could have occured would have been greatly appreciated. Instead of being told to call the bank.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5962,This app was working well until this week. 3 times where my orders were not placed because of an internal server error. Please fix this because it has happened more than once already.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5963,"Terrible. Worked fine at first, then stopped accepting my card for no reason and no matter how many times i explain what is going on to the support team i get no answers or helpful information.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5964,"If you love placing a order, having your order received, and having the app tell you the restaurant is working on it just to find out an hour after it was supposed to be delivered that the restaurant never even got the order, then this is the app for you. Amazing ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ðŸ‘. Two times! Two times in a row this has happened!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5965,"The app itself is intuitive enough to use easily, but we tired using it while travelling to another country and the app wouldn't accept our payment methods (credit cards). Finding customer support to solve the problem was impossible and I gave up using the app.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5966,I like the app but I wish you had more English translation. The other Taiwan delivery website allows Google translation and this one doesn't do it's harder to order. I will use the other service more as a result. But I do like the features of this app more.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5967,"Terrible experience trying reach a single person to help when your issue doesn't pertain directly to an order. I earned my first reward and chose it, but I can't use it because the button to redeem doesn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and now the rewards section is completely missing. Please someone help me with this issue!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5968,"Awful UI, no way to manage items in the basket. Also found to be broken can't order a pizza as it says selction required. For every size! (May be how the restaurant set up but no way to feedback app technical issues). Forget it and go for just eat or deliveroo, much better",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5969,"No Restaurants Available - I've used this app for years with no issues. Now every single place shows ""currently unavailable"". I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I'm still having the same issue! Tried clicking help but there's no way to contact them. Frustrating!!",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5970,"So far really great. Easy to use. I like the rolling deals that change up every hour or so. Not crazy about the automatic service fee but hey, I'll usually pay an embarrassing amount for convenience. I like that they offer a variety of eats and feature locally owned restaurants.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5971,Horrible app. Promos don't work and getting assistance is designed to be difficult. I have had issues 3 out of the 4 times I have used this. Even when I am told it is fixed it isn't.,Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5972,"App keeps asking me to rate it (even when I already have) and unless I do it won't display my tracking. Even when I do rate, it sometimes doesn't display tracking. Pretty annoying honestly.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5973,"Absolute ass. Installed and Uninstalled countless times, have a very expensive phone and it still freezes just trying to log in. Can't even log in let alone use it. So not sure what's going on with this app. Doesnt work for me.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5974,The new updates brought errors. I can't even open the apps. It's always showing the delay errors. Respect your customers and please fix it!,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5975,App works when it wants to. Had trouble putting in my card. I keep this app up to date so I could continue using it but it still wont load. Going to use another app.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5976,"Overall the app is good. I'm very disappointed with the following situation. When I pay 4 euros for a delivery I expect a fast and direct delivery, but most of the times the delivery man is using a bicicle or/and stopping several times in other clients. My delivery is always cold!",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5977,"Horrible app. Constant issues and crashing, I don't understand why it's so hard to get it right. Uninstalling and done with this crappy service.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5978,Amazing app! A variety of things to order from anything to Local or far stretched places. Food comes on certain time it tells you. Amazing app couldn't think of anything better!,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5979,"The new update asks you every five seconds ""are you enjoying the app? If you tap yes, you can rate the app, but now remind me later or no thank you. No matter if you press yes or no it keeps asking you relentlessly "" are you enjoying the Uber Eats App??????",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5980,"I would like to have the option to review driver-cancelled orders - or at the least, provide feedback.. I hate that they just disappear completely once a driver cancels. In past cases, I've contacted the store to find the driver collected the meal, drove off and for an unknown reason cancelled. No option to find out who the driver was in order to provide feedback.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5981,"The holds on payments are unnecessary and bizarre. I've more than enough on my card to pay for the service. The explanation for the hold, which often lasts 24 hours, on your website isn't sufficient either. Uber Eats is a good service. Holds on payments doesn't help users at all.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5982,"Absolutely shameless. They emailed me a discount offer of 2 X 8 euros which was valid until 12th of October. I tried to redeem it today only to be told ""oops, it's expired"" today is the 7th. This is the 3rd time it has happened and I'm on to their little scam where people think, ""well I've almost completed the order now so Ill just get it anyway"" won't be falling for it again and will be working with others I've found to go public and expose this blatant psychological deception. #ubereatsscam",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5983,The app constantly being unable to open is very frustrating. I should not have to constantly close and reopen upwards of 50 times to check my delivery progress. It is very inconsistent and frustrating.,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5984,Recently having a lot of trouble searching for what I want. Should add a filter for vegetarian/vegan dishes offered by partners instead of simply showing restaurant that have vegetarian/vegan dishes. Almost all restaurants have veg/vegan dishes. The current filter is useless,Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5985,"They are never accurate on timing. You'd think that after being live for years, they'd accumulate enough data to predict timing for each individual restaurant. But I'm almost always disappointed.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5986,Very easy too use and navigate! New too this type of service and I must say I am very pleased and highly recommend using this avenue. The delivery service is prompt and a pleasure too deal with.,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5987,"During these isolating times, it's great to have a reliable app that is always readily available to have food delivered at a moments notice.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5988,"Tried canceling not even 15 seconds after the order was made (because the time estimate changed from initial estimate) and was not able to. NO WHERE on the app did it give the option despite following instructions on the help page. Restarted phone, used the desktop..NOTHING helped. When I was finally able to cancel I was charged more than 2/3 the amount. UNACCEPTABLE. Very disappointed. This app used to be much better.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5989,"Horrible, can't even sign onto app. Tells me to verify the card number and when I do it just does nothing. Recieve an email about getting money off my order that won't work on the website and you make the app unusable.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5990,"Dudes, fix the damned app, sometimes when i want to order some fast food here Miami Fl, the store won't appear on uber eats and says unknown error. Is been happening a lot, this app has so many error and i've been using other food service platform like doordash because of this. Uber eats use to be a good service. ðŸ‘ŽðŸ»",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5991,"It refreshes too frequently (IT REFRESHED MULTIPLE TIMES WHILE I WAS WRITING A REVIEW...I HAD TO REWRITE EVERYTHING THREE TIMES!!!). I also miss the option to contribute $2 directly to a restaurant if we want to. Recently, I noticed that the charges for the order and the tip are charged separately, which makes it confusing to track on my invoices. It's also annoying that I can't contact UberEats directly, I have to use this platform to express my concerns.",Rated 2 stars out of five stars
5992,"Works well (on the whole). Can be a little buggy and it's frustrating that there aren't many good places near us/we deliver to us, but I don't mind collecting and the app works well. Tracking feature is great as well.",Rated 4 stars out of five stars
5993,"Feedback on first time use of the Uber Eats App. There was an issue with the initial order/delivery addess. The app does not prompt the customer to add the Delivery address. So when I paid via Paypal, I believed the delivery address would be assumed from my PayPal account. Instead the app took any random address without any relevance to restaurant or delivery location. I had to work out myself and search for where to add to the address. Also deleting one item off the order, seem to not work.",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5994,"Whoever created this app is a genius. This app make it very convenient for me. Working as a nurse, can't leave my patients, just a click away and the food come to me. Now, I'm obsessed with it. My only complaint is, those orders adds up ðŸ˜ž.",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5995,"Normally have a good service but tried reporting a problem and all its doing is causing frustration, I just need to speak to a person to explain instead of being thrown between 20 different operators",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5996,"Items ordered are not delivered and no notice of the items not being available or delivered and being charged, unless we texted you for further inconvenience. But overall I love the app!!! â¤ï¸ðŸ’œðŸ’›ðŸ¤ðŸ’ž",Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5997,I'm loving this app and it meets all of my expectations! UPDATE.. 12/06/19 Still loving this app & service but now 4 â­â­â­â­. Had a bit of a snafu many many months back because a fast food chain held my funds after canceling the delivery. Uber Eats customer service really couldn't help me & I felt they could have done more since I'm a loyal customer. Took many days before my funds were returned but still enjoy this app & service 20Xs more than Doordash. UPDATE 10/24/20 UberEats back @ 5 â­,Rated 5 stars out of five stars
5998,"Too many bugs. Awful interface and menu interface. Too expensive, they take most of the profits from businesses. And the monthly subscription doesnt save you money at all..",Rated 1 stars out of five stars
5999,Easy to use. Some restaurant menus can be confusing at times. I don't have any issues as far as the fee rates I think its reasonable. They also have options if you are looking for something more affordable on delivery fees. I've noticed a huge change on this which is great for college students.,Rated 4 stars out of five stars
